
y'all know me, still the same og
but i been low-key
hated on by most these niggas
with no cheese, no deals and no g's
no wheels and no keys
no boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis
mad at me, 'cause i can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
to add to the wall full of plaques
hangin' up in the office and back at my house like trophies
did y'all think i'ma let my dough freeze? hoe, please
you better bow down on both knees
who you think taught you to smoke trees?
who you think brought you the oldies?
eazy-e's, ice cube's, and d.o.c.'s
the snoop d-o-double-g's
and the group that said, "motherfuck the police!"
gave you a tape full of dope beats
to bump when you stroll through in your hood
and when your album sales wasn't doin' too good
who's the doctor they told you to go see?
y'all better listen up closely
all you niggas that said that i turned pop or the firm flopped
y'all are the reason that dre ain't been gettin' no sleep
so fuck y'all, all of y'all!
if y'all don't like me, blow me!
y'all are gon' keep fuckin' around with me and turn me back to the old me


if it was up to me, you motherfuckers'd stop
comin' up to me with your hands out
lookin' up to me like you want somethin' free
when my last cd was out, you weren't bumpin' me
but now that i got this little company
everybody wanna come to me
like it was some disease, but you won't get a crumb from me
'cause i'm from the streets of c-compton! (compton!)
i told 'em all
all 'em little gangstas, who you think helped mold 'em all?
now you wanna run around talkin' 'bout guns like i ain't got none
what, you think i sold 'em all
'cause i stay well off?
now all i get is hate mail all day sayin' dre fell off
what, 'cause i been in the lab
with a pen and a pad tryin' to get this damn label off?
i ain't havin' that
this is the millennium of aftermath
it ain't gon' be nothin' after that
so give me one more platinum plaque
and fuck rap, you can have it back
so where's all the mad rappers at?
it's like a jungle in this habitat
but all you savage cats know that i was strapped with gats
while you were cuddlin' a cabbage patch

