
"i can feel it!"


tonight's the night that i plan my hit (yeah)
deep cover on the incognito tip
breakin' fools if i have to, peelin' caps, too
trigger so you know i'm comin' at you
i guess that's part of the game
but i know it's somebody who think they just gon' come and change things
with the swiftness, so get it right with the quickness
and let me handle my business, yo
i'm on a mission, and my mission won't stop
until i get the one who maxin' at the top
i hope you get his ass 'fore he drop
kingpin kickin' back while his workers slang his rocks
comin' up like a fat rat
big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back
so it's difficult to get him
but i got the hook up with somebody
who knows how to get in contact with him
hit him like this and like that
let him know that i'm lookin' for a big fat dope sack
with ends to spend, so let's rush it
if you want to handle it tonight, we'll discuss it
do it on his time, at the fool's place
take my strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face
'cause if he do, then he's another
witness to hit because i'm goin' deep cover


yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop


creep with me as i crawl through the hood
maniac, lunatic, call him snoop eastwood
kickin' dust as i bust police
and, you'll never hear me hollerin' 'bout "peace"
so yo, you should know i don't care for a cop
so why would you really ever think that it would stop?
plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do
take yo' ass on a mission with the boys in blue
dre (what up, snoop?) yo, i got the feelin'
tonight's the night, like betty wright, and i'm chillin'
killin', feelin' no remorse
yeah, so let's go straight to the undercover source
and see what we can find
crooked cops that pop us and give us a gang of time
and now they wanna make a deal with me
scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
and make my pockets fat
they want to meet with me tonight at seven o'clock
so, what's up with that?
what you wanna do? (what you wanna do?)
i got the gauge, a uzi, and my nickel-plated twenty-two
so, if you wanna blast, fool, we can buck 'em
if we stick 'em, then we stuck 'em, well, it's on
("i can feel it!")


yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop


six-four-five was the time on the clock
when me and my homie bailed in the parkin' lot
the scene looked strange and it felt like a setup
better not be, 'cause if it is, they gettin' lit up
oh, here they come from the back in they 'lacs
i'm checkin' for the gats they strap, so what's up, black?
chill, let's hear the deal
if it ain't up to what you feel, then grab your steel
right, so, what you undercovers gon' come at me with?
hope you ain't wantin' none of my dope or my grip
yo (guess what they told me?)
"we give you 20 g's if you snitch on your homie
we'll put you in a home, and make your life plush
oh yeah, but you got to sell dope for us."
hmm, let me think about it
turned my back and grabbed my gat
and guess what i told him before i shot him
if you don't quit, yeah, if you don't stop, yeah
i'm lettin' my gat pop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop


yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop