
use this gospel for this mission impossible, clear?
gotta let god’s love rain down if you here
when is that real love when the family fightin’ back the tears?
and i mean even with the cars, money, boats, and the lears?
rain down, rain down, rain down, rain down
'til the devil gained his reign down
take the pain out and i'm-
back where you started and found out that everything is gone
i was tryna get this laid off
bernie mad 'cause the way we made off (got it)
simplify, god, please exemplify (hah)
these corporate pimps will try to drain you 'til you done and die
all these ungrateful vibes, bringin' out my other side
(don't that sound just like us?)
look into my eyes (woo!), you don’t see the love inside? (hah)
use the gospel, use the word, use the scripture (hah)
for every jezebel (my energy) postin’ all the pictures  (hah)
you gon' put the internet before your family? (hah)
you know what? you deserve to drive a camry (hah)
because, it's because of you they don't know the hard times
we gotta find, leavin' this ain't negative, some of my loves
i'ma use my love, i'ma use it for the better
i done wrote you a scarlet letter


how many sins do you think that i committed?
me say many, say me, say many, many, many (oh, shit)
how many times do you think i've been acquitted? (one, two)
me say many, say me, me say, me say, me say many (oh)
how many times did i make some bad decisions? (alright, yeah)
many, haha, me say many, many, many (woo)
how many crimes am i thankful for forgiveness?
many, now me say many, many, many


god, lay me down to sleep
i'm prayin' for my soul to keep
if i should die before i wake
the bear in me with 808's


ride with me
stand with me, ah
all we really got is us
in god we trust


headline, man down, enough is enough
spent my whole life livin' this from dawn to dusk
far from the norm, make no more, ignorin' us
been through the storm, i was born victorious
big in my city, then became notorious
ah, yeah, all that together now
we gon' push that devil out, everything gon' level out
let's make rap great again, yeah, that's your new maga hat (woo)
got that passion back, how you gon' be mad at that?
doc dre in this, woo, you know what's after that, uh
easy as a sunday morning, woke up feeling enormous
really, i'm just warming up
this is him, you've been waiting to hear that voice again (woo)
it's evident, i'm right back in my element
i'm settled in, better than i've ever been
i'm 'bout to set a precedent
hip-hop's bible, old testament
my scripture's gospel, effortless exodus (ahh)
feel like the world been waitin' on me to weigh in (ahh)
revelation of a revolution, say when
words for the laymen, count the conversation
perpetual excellent testimony, amen
something for this generation, time to lift the curse
no more procrastinatin' nation, time to put in work
if you wanna stand for something, gotta kneel first
this might be your last supper, get your meal first
we're better together even when it feel worse
on my survival since my arrival on planet earth
you niggas still worthy, this my emmitt till verse


church