
creepin' down the back street on d's
i got my glock cocked, 'cause niggas want these
now soon as i said it
seems i got sweated
by some nigga with a tec-9
tryna take mine
ya wanna make noise? make noise
i make a phone call my niggas comin' like the gotti boys
bodies bein' found on greenleaf
with their fuckin' heads cut off
motherfucker i'm dre
so listen to the play-by-play
day-by-day
rollin' in my '4 with sixteen switches
and got sounds for the bitches
clockin' all the riches
got the hollow points for the snitches
so would you just walk on by
'cause i'm too hard to lift
and no this ain't aerosmith
it's the motherfuckin' d-r-e
from the cpt, on a rhymin' spree
a straight g
hop back as i pop my top ya trip
i let the hollow points commence to
pop! pop! pop!
yeah cause if it don't stop
i have to put my shit in reverse
go back and take another stop
'cause i'm...


rollin' down the motherfucking backstreets
with my drink and my cup and my strap in my lap, see
ain't nothin' but the g-funk, bumping in my g thump
hell yeah!
(with all the niggas saying)


just another motherfuckin' day for dre
so i begin like this
no medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists
it's just that gangster glare
with gangsta raps, that gangsta shit
makes a gangs of snaps
uh, word to the motherfuckin' streets
and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats
that i hit ya with, that i get ya with
as i groove in my 'fo on d's
hittin' the switches
bitches relax while i get my proper swerve on
bumpin' like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
but before i hit the dope spot
i gotta get the chronic, the remy martin and my soda pop
now i'm smellin' like indo-nesia
bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
on my dick 'cause my '4 on hit
pancake front and back, side to side
and all that shit
so when i crawl i comes correct
now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga
now let the chevrolet slide
as i dip and make a trip to the south side
yeah


i said swing down sweet chariot stop and, (what? what?) let me ride
('cause' you're rollin' with the row!)
swing down (word) sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
swing down sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
swing down sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
yeah ha-ha!
yeah (check it out), you wanna ride with me
uh, wit everybody sayin'
(wit' all my niggas with the humps and the bumps in the truck)
(they keep on fuckin; with niggas rollin' down) uh (what you want?)
know i'm sayin'? (come on let me ride, come on nigga let me ride)
uh uh, (feelin' good like ya should) ass
(homie what you're doin'?) grass
(when you're up to no good) or gas
(doin' what you're feelin', let me ride) nobody rides free
(let me ride) hell yeah!
(doin' what you're feelin, ya cold chillin)
(doin' what you want, top billin)
(motherfucker) knowhuti'msayin? (let'cha ride) huh huh huh huh
(i let'cha ride) yeah, you wanna ride?