
la-da-da-da-dah
it's the one and only d-o-double-g (snoop dogg!)
la-da-da-da-dah
you know i'm mobbin' with the d-r-e (yeah, yeah, yeah)
y'all know what this is, but can y'all make some noise for my man, snoop dogg? come on, now, louder, louder!


la-da-da-da-dah
it's the one and only d-r-e
dr. dre, you little busters!
la-da-da-da-dah
you know i'm riding with the d-o double g
west coast make some noise!

now let me welcome everybody to the wild wild west
a state that's untouchable like eliot ness
the track hits your eardrum like a slug through your chest
pack a vest for your jimmy in the city of sex
we in that sunshine state where the bomb-ass hemp be
a place where you never find a dance floor empty
and pimps be on a mission for them greens
lean mean money-making-machines servin' fiends
i been in the game for 30 years makin' rap tunes
say what?
ever since honeys was wearin' sassoon
now it's '22, they clock me and watch me
diamonds shinin', lookin' like i robbed liberace
it's all good, from diego to the bay
your city is the bomb if your city gettin' pay
throw up a finger if you feel the same way
dre puttin' it down for californ-i-a

still snoop dogg and d.r.e. (check)
guess who's back?
i see you still doin' it
please make some noise for dr. dre!


it's still dre day (ah?) ak (ah?)
though i've grown a lot, can't keep it home a lot
'cause when i frequent the spots that i'm known to rock
you hear the bass from the truck when i'm on the block
ladies, they pay homage, but haters say dre fell off
how, homie, my last album was the chronic?
they wanna know if he still got it
they say rap's changed, they wanna know how i feel about it
(if you ain't up on thangs)
dr. dre is the name, i'm ahead of my game (still)
still puffin' my leaves, still touchin' the beats
still not lovin' police
still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease
still got love for the streets, reppin' 213
still the beats bang, still doin' my thang
since i left ain't too much changed (still)


i'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(still) hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
still takin' my time to perfect the beat
and i still got love for the streets, it's the d.r.e.
i'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(still) hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
still takin' my time to perfect the beat
and i still got love for the streets, it's the d.r.e.