
(i heard sam was goin' solo)
hot damn! you didn't know, so?
well, i can blast fast or freak a ill type of slow flow
i'm hittin' harder than barry bonds, so check the golden child
throwin' it to your ear-hole, got you goin' buckwild
with truck-tracks, rhymes on deck, breakin' off niggas proper
did dirt, dipped west 'cause i clown coppers (yeah!)
do hip-hop, rap, compose 'em, most 'em couldn't see me
mad advanced in my skills, i'm all about the dollar bills
from pittsburgh to cali, droppin' bombs like that
was on the d.l. with the squad, so i couldn't hold it back
black, i regulate, i bust a big gate figure
mobbin' with that ill nigga with his finger on a bigger trigger
servin' all (saps!), hittin' sevens on the (simps!)
makin' dough, eatin' shrimps, locin' with some real pimps (yeah!)
so peep game, best believe i love my peeps
that's why i make the type of music you can pump in your jeeps
(that's right!)
so bust my sound, i put it down for the underground
i got the women 'cause i'm slammin', jammin'!
got it goin' on, it's time for this new producer to rise
so open your eyes, i think u better recognize


once again, it's the man with the master plan
they call him sam and i.. (think u better recognize)


i remember days on the blocks
where i slang slung, played punk cops
and mad props 'cause i ran with hard rocks (yeah)
from 8-balls to o-z’s, i made g’s (say what?)
then built up enough loot to buy ki's
no gang affiliation, yo, i stood on my own two, pullin' capers
i'm a sneaky slick nigga, i never had to pull the trigger (right)
i mack, on top of that, i'm used to stayin' wicked
which is 24/7, you can ask my ex-hooker
but now i'm on some new improved shit
makin' hits, stackin' chips, now everything's legitimate
i flipped the script a long time ago, on the five-o
when i discovered this new way to make my cash flow (mmm)
yes, indeedy, i wasn't greedy
got my niggas out the gutter, now they rollin' with the sam sneezy
hip-hop fanatic causin' static in the industry
these whack creators, i call 'em imitators (uh, yeah)
be tryin' to see me
but see, i'm unexplanatory with the fame and glory
that's why i gotta tell my story
with no disguise, a lot of niggas despise
because i'm on the up-rise, so i think u better recognize


once again, it's the man with the master plan
they call him sam and i.. (think u better recognize)


once again, it's the man with the master plan
they call him sam and i.. (think u better recognize)