
(aight, aight...uh...slim shady...yo, yo, yo...)
it's only fair to warn, i was born with a set of horns
and metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord
warlord of rap that'll bash you with a two by four board
and smash into your honda accord with a 4-door ford
but i'm more toward droppin' an acapella
to chop a fella into mozzarella worse than a helicopter propeller
got you locked in the cellar with your skeleton showing
developing anorexia while i'm standin' next to ya
eating a four course meal, watching you starve to death
with an iv in your veins, feeding you liquid darvocet
pumping you full of drugs
pull the plugs
on the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
who were picked up in an ambulance
and driven
to receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
and given
a less than 20 percent chance
of living
have a possible placement
as a hospital patient
storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
doctor kevorkian has arrived
to perform an autopsy on you while you scream "i'm still alive!"
driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp, and
pullin' your adam's apple out through your mouth
better call the fire department
i've hired a arson
to set fire to carpet
and burn up your entire apartment
i'm a liar to start shit
got your bitch wrapped around my dick
so tight you need a crowbar to pry her apart with
motherfucker, slim shady bitch! recognize!


met a retarded kid named greg, with a wooden leg
snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
go to bed with the keg, wake up with the 40
mixed it with alka-seltzer and formula 44d
fuck an acid tab, i'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
wait until it absorbed in, and fell to the floor dead
no more said, case closed, end of discussion
i'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion
leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
cross the bombers
we blowin' up your house, killing your parents
and coming back to get your foster mommas
and i'm as good at keeping a promise as nostradamus
cause i ain't making no more threats
i'm doin' drive-by's in tinted corvettes on vietnam war vets
i'm more or less sick in the head
maybe more cause i smoked crack
today, yesterday, and the day before
saboteur, walk the block with a labrador
strappin' more corral for war than el salvador
foul style galore
verbal cow manure
comin' together like the eyebrow on al b. sure!
motherfucker!


(like this, like that, like this
like this, like that, like this)
i'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless, patrolling corners
looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
i'm meaner in action than roscoe beating james todd sr
and smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
i grew up in a wild hood
as a hazardous youth
with a fucked up childhood
that i used as an excuse
and ain't shit changed
i kept the same mindstate
since the third time that i failed 9th grade
you probably think that i'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
i don't promote violence, i just encourage it
i laugh at the sight of death
as i fall down a cement flight of steps
and land inside a bed of spider webs
so throw caution to the wind
you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge, and if you live, do it again
shit, why not? blow your brain out
i'm blowing mine out
fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now


yo, yo, yo!
my mom sent me up to the store with a food stamp
for a pack of cigarettes and a book at the news stand (here)
two dudes ran up and jumped out of a blue van
i looked down at the ground and picked up a huge branch
i swung it at the first dude, the other one with him
seen it snap so fast, it looked like it broke before it hit him
so he tried to rush, i swept his legs, pinned him, and bit him
he came back with 6 or 7 dudes screaming "get him!"
i grabbed one,  lit him on fire, pinned, and bit him
the next faggot gave me his shoes like they didn't fit him
one by one i just kept dropin' 'em in a rhythm
then i woke up swingin' the middle of the kitchen

(damn... damn... damn...)

the final problem is solved by throwin' sulfuric acid all over your back to see your spinal column dissolve
droppin' bodies like it was domino season
my phenomenal legion will shoot out
your fuckin' abdominal region
slim shady, responsible for your permanent stillness
just escaped from the hospital with terminal illness
itchin' to rip your fuckin' frame out
'cause i ain't got nothing to lose
like that movie that just came out
callin' your name out, first, last and your middle initial
your mom, your dad, and your pregnant widow will miss you
and anybody else poppin' some shit'll go with you
'cause i ain't tryna hear it like a political issue
so until i can leave with enough funds
i'mma shove guns up in the mouths of your loved ones
drown 'em face down in the bath while the tub runs
got a rap sheet that's longer than tubby's sub buns
part ii


and i'ma kill it, just so y'all think that i can't come off the top
and i'll be forced to rock unorthodox styles from off the top of the dome with a popular poem
forget a damn team, i can stop you alone
rappers thinkin' they puttin' out they records 'cause they sell
but they can't't fuck with what me– we doin' here with a.l
y'all don't wanna do it when we kick it
when we kick the fluid, rappers don't wanna get into it
y'all knew it 'cause the feds want me
they headhunt me, i'm ted bundy
"i ain't dead, i just fled country"
said bluntly, a cannibal, animal, fed monthly
eating bread crunchy, cement bed's comfy
head's lumpy, funky like a dead skunk be
med flunkie, jump off cliffs with thread bungie
wearin' red undies and a black cape
rollin' through the hood cracked out bumpin' your whack tape
i'm comin' through dumpin'
change your rap name to richard jewell
cause you ain't blowing up nothing
i'm showin' up puffin'
throwin' up, drinkin'
killin' braincells 'til i'm slow and not thinkin'
growin' up stinkin', born with bad odor
give me hennessy, but please don't add soda
now who's doper? you couldn't beat me when i'm sober
i'm off my fuckin' rocker like your grandma tippin' over, slim shady


"son, where you from son?"
"yo, i'm from detroit city"
"uh huh"
"i'm bout to do a little something like this
a little something like this."
"ok, drop that shit."
"bust it, bust it"

yo, i hang with a bunch of hippies
and wacky tobacco planters
who swallow lit roaches and light up like jack-o-lanterns
outsidaz baby, and we suin' the courts
cause we dope as fuck and only get a two in the source
yo, they never shoulda booted me outta reform school
deformed fool, taking a shit in a warm pool
till they threw me out the ramada inn
i said it wasn't me, i got a twin
(oh my god, it's you! not again!)
it all started when my mother took my bike away
cause i murdered my guinea pig
and stuck him in the microwave
after that, it was straight to the forty ouncers
slappin' teachers and jackin' off in front of my counselors
class clown freshman, dressed like les nessman
forget the next lesson, i'll pass the test guessin'
and all the other kids said "eminem is a thizz head
he'll never last, the only class he'll ever pass is phys-ed"
maybe true, 'til i told this girl in gym class
that she was too fat to swim laps she need a slim fast
(who? me?) yeah, girl you so big
you stepped, walked into vic tanny's
and stepped on jenny craig
she picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
put me in a headlock, then i thought of my guinea pig
i felt the evilness and started transformin'
it began stormin', i heard a bunch of cheerin' fans swarmin'
picked that bitch by her hair, drug her across the ground
and threw her up to the highest
diving board to toss her down
sorry coach, it's too late to tell me stop
while i drop this girl face down and watch her belly flop, cause it's like that
and i come in and i start wildin' and shit
then i be busting a lyric
and rappers don't believe i'm freestyling it
well here it goes when i'm kicking lyrical flows
from your head to your toes
so that every rapper in this place knows
cause when it comes to the freestyle
coming off of the top of the dome
i'm knocking your mouth and ya off, so who you copying off?
stop being soft, i'm standing on top of your loft
killing you off slowly, like roberta flack
i've never heard of wack
mcs that try to step to me, i'll break your verta-back
or vertebrae, increase the murder rates
in 79 states... yo, check it
i'm bout to pass the mic to the next
mc who wanna step up and flex
with the techs, but make sure your shit is fresh
come on, wreck it, who wanna be next?


it goes like this:
broke the rubber, busted a nut up in your mother
so how do you feel about having another little brother
nasty motherfucker, talking trash like a trucker
snatch your bitch up out your track
i'll smack her up and fucked her
always talk shit high, smoking chocolate thai
so y'all can die, just for walking by giving an awkward eye
i've lost my motherfucking marbles
smelling like a brewery
droolin' at the way your jewelery sparkles
head full of charcoal, smoked out brain particles
burning holes in clothes articles
a retarded fool since i started school
burned the weed before i learned to read, disregarded rules
skip the classes to blaze the blunt ashes
kissing front dashes from smashing up
cars like stunt crashes
hall passes for restrooms, chewing mushrooms
doing rush fumes in the lunch room
looking nervous, liquor in my thermos
hung with hermits that carry guns without permits
staring at the bitch with firm tits
jacking off, aiming straight for both lips when my sperm spits


set it off
rappers get beheaded if they soft
yo they get they wires crossed
rappers try to step to me but i'm so ill i'll fire your boss
and this is all freestyle, killing it
while i'm filling it with adrenaline, rappers be feeling it
like it was braille, so y'all can touch me anywhere
cause i want you to feel me
rappers wanna kill me, but they don't thrill me
so check it, i'm bout to wreck when i make the record
cause i'm, skinny like an anorexic girl headed for the exit
running butt naked away from just being date raped
rappers? i twist 'em into a great shape
and throw 'em in the great lakes
'cause i'm from the michigan state
for fishermans' sake, i throw 'em and toss 'em in
rappers try to step to me
but this is the holocaust and you'll never win
cause i've forever been bent, forever demented
rappers try to step to me but their shit is sweet-scented
and i'm demented, and if i said it i meant it
killin' any mc cause i'm infinite, and when it
comes to the way that i'm spittin' lyrical infinite ammunition
and putting a clip in this lyrical track that i just be rippin'
crushing it, killing it, taking your best line and hushing it
taking your shit and flushing it down the toilet
taking your biggest plot and foil it
rappers can't uncoil it, i'll take my shit and aluminum foil it
then throw it in the microwave and watch burn up
'cause i'mma blow up
rappers? i make 'em ill enough to throw up
don't show up if you come to the battle


"can i speed it up? just a little bit?
alright that's cool. alright
bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it
this one for quest."

some people say i'm strange, i tell them ain't shit changed
i'm still the same lame asshole with a different name
came late to the last show with a different dame
brain ate from the last o' that i sniffed of 'caine
you know you're spaced the fuck out like george lucas
when your puke is turning to yellowish-orange mucus
so when i grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
i'm not a rapper, i'm a demon who speaks english
freak genius, too extreme for the weak and squeamish
burn you alive till you screaming to be extinguished
cause when i drop the science
motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence
start a fire and block the hydrants
i'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
so when slim gets this m-16 bursting
you getting spun backwards
like every word of obscene cursing
on the b-side of my first single with the clean version
stopping your short life while you're still a teen virgin
unless you get a kidney specialist and a spleen surgeon
in the best hospital possible for emergency surgery
to try to stop the blood from your
ruptured sternum internally
i'll take it back before we knew each other's name
run in the hospital and snatch you out your mother's frame
i'll take it further back than that
back to lovers' lane, to the night you were thought of, and
cock block your father's game
i'll plead the fifth like my jaws were muzzled
so suck my dick while i take a shit
and do this crossword puzzle
and when i'm down with ten seconds left in the whole bout
i'mma no a head-butt so hard, i knock us both out
no doubt

"life," by marshall mathers
what is life?
life is like a big obstacle in front of your optical to slow you down
and every time you think you've gotten past it
it's gonna come back around to tackle you to the damn ground (if i had a million)
what are friends?
friends are people that you think are your friends
but they really your enemies with secret identities
in disguises to hide they true colors
so just when you think you close enough to be brothers
they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
what is money?
money is what makes a man act funny, money is the root of all evil
money'll make them same friends come back around
swearin' that they was always down
what is life? i'm tired of life


i'm tired of backstabbin'-ass snakes with friendly grins
i'm tired of committin' so many sins
tired of always givin' in when this bottle of henny wins
tired of never havin' any ends
tired of havin' skinny friends hooked on crack and mini thins
i'm tired of this dj playin' your shit when he spins
tired of not havin' a deal
tired of havin' to deal with the bullshit without grabbin' the steel
tired of drownin' in my sorrow
tired of havin' to borrow a dollar for gas to start my monte carlo
i'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off
i'm tired of jobs startin' off at $5.50 an hour
then this boss wonders why i'm smartin' off
tired of bein' fired every time i fart and cough
tired of havin' to work as a gas station clerk
for this jerk, breathin' down my neck, drivin' me berserk
i'm tired of usin' plastic silverware
tired of workin' at builder's square, tired of not bein' a millionaire


but if i had a million dollars
i'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics (if i had a million dollars)
if i had a magic wand
i'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while i'm on the john (i could set my troubles free)
if i had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough 'cause i'd still be out robbin' armored trucks (if i had a million dollars)
if i had one wish
i would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss


i'm tired of bein' white trash, broke, and always poor
tired of takin' pop bottles back to the party store
tired of not havin' a phone
tired of not havin' a home to have one in if i did have one on
tired of not drivin' a bm
tired of not workin' at gm, tired of wantin' to be him
tired of not sleepin' without a tylenol pm
tired of not performin' in a packed coliseum
tired of not bein' on tour
tired of fuckin' the same blonde whore after work in the back of a contour
i'm tired of fakin' knots with a stack of ones
havin' a lack of funds and resortin' back to guns
tired of bein' stared at
tired of wearin' the same damn nike air hat
tired of steppin' in clubs, wearin' the same pair of lugz
tired of people sayin' they're tired of hearin' me rap about drugs
tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
sayin' they wasn't feelin' me on "nobody's as ill as me"
and i'm tired of radio stations tellin' fibs
tired of jlb sayin', "where hip-hop lives" (where hip-hop lives)


but if i had a million dollars
i'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics (if i had a million dollars)
if i had a magic wand
i'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while i'm on the john (i would set my troubles free)
if i had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough 'cause i'd still be out robbin' armored trucks (if i had a million dollars)
if i had one wish
i would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss


you know what i'm sayin'?
i'm tired of all of this bullshit (if i had a million dollars)
tellin' me to be positive, how am i 'posed to be positive
when i don't see shit positive? you know what i'm sayin'?
i rap about shit around me, shit i see (if i had a million dollars)
you know what i'm sayin'? right now, i'm tired of everything
tired of all this player-hatin' that's goin' on in my own city (you could share my wealth with me)
can't get no airplay, you know what i'm sayin'?
but hey, it's cool though (if i had a million dollars)
you know what i'm sayin'? i'm just fed up
that's my word (i could set my troubles free)
(if i had a million dollars)

i'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed!
low down dirty, even, i'm low down and i'm shifty!
and if you hear a man that sounds like me, smack him
then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from!
i'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed!
low down dirty, even, i'm low down and i'm shifty! (ahh)
and if you hear a man that sounds like me, smack him
then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from!


warnin', this shit's gon' be rated r: restricted
you see this bullet hole in my neck? it's self-inflicted
doctor slapped my mama, "bitch, you got a sick kid"
arrested, molested myself, and got convicted
wearin' visors, sunglasses, and disguises
'cause my split personality is havin' an identity crisis
i'm dr. hyde and mr. jekyll, disrespectful
hearin' voices in my head while these whispers echo
"murder-murder, redrum!", brain size of a bread crumb
which drug will i end up dead from?
inebriated 'til my stress is alleviated
"how in the fuck can eminem and shady be related?"
illiterate, illegitimate shit spitter
bitch getter, hid in the bush like margot kidder
jumped out (rah!), killed the bitch and did her
used to let the babysitter suck my dick when i was littler
smoke a blunt while i'm titty fucking bette midler (ah! ah!)
sniper, waiting on your roof like the fiddler
y'all thought i was gonna rhyme with riddler, didn't ya?
bring yo bitch, i wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her


i'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed!
low down dirty, even, i'm low down and i'm shifty!
and if you hear a man that sounds like me, smack him
then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from!
i'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed!
low down dirty, even, i'm low down and i'm shifty!
and if you hear a man that sounds like me, smack him
then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from!


i lace tunes, that's out this world like space moons
with a bunch of crazed loons dismissin' brains like graze wounds
nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
doin' whippets, passed out like sampler snippets (hi)
where's the weed? i wanna tamper with it
i'ma let your grandpa hit it
lace it up with cocaine, so he can't forget it
fuck it, maybe i'm a bum
but i was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
so what i'm on is way beyond the rum
or any alcoholic beverage, losing all of my leverage
went up inside the first national bank broke and left rich
walking biohazard causing wreckage, smoked out like eckrich
dandruff's making my neck itch, what the fuck? give me the check, bitch!
you just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast (the fuck is this?)
got shit popping off like bottle cap tips (pew)
get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
slap dips, support domestic violence
beat your bitch's ass while your kids stare in silence (hahahaha)
i'm just joking, is dirty dozen really dust smoking?
if all your shit's missing, then probably one of us broke in


i'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed!
low down dirty, even, i'm low down and i'm shifty!
and if you hear a man that sounds like me, smack him
then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from!
i'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed!
low down dirty, even, i'm low down and i'm shifty!
and if you hear a man that sounds like me, smack him
then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from!


my head's ringing, like it was spider-sense tingling
blitzin' like green bay did when they shitted on new england
i'm out the game, put the second string in
this brandy got me swinging, bobbing back and forth like a penguin (ah-de-la, ah-de-la)
delinquent, chokin' microphones with broken english
make your mama be like, "ooh, this is good! who sings this?"
"slim shady, his tape is dope, i dug it
it's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit" (drug shit)
it was predicted by a medic, i'd grow
to be an addicted diabetic, livin' on liquid triaminic
pathetic, but i don't think this headache's ever vanishin'
panicking, i think i might have just took too much anacin
frozen mannequin, posin' stiffer than a statue
i think i'm dying; god, is that you? (god, is that you?)
somebody help me, before i od on an lp
take me to er asap for an iv
motherfuck jlb, they don't support no hip-hop
they say that's where it lives, the closest they gon' come is 2pac
it's politics, it's all a fix
set up for these white blue-collared hicks
it's to make a dollar off of black music
with a subliminal ball of tricks (pssh)
for those who kiss ass and swallow dicks


i'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed!
low down dirty, even, i'm low down and i'm shifty!
and if you hear a man that sounds like me, smack him
then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from!
i'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed!
low down dirty, even, i'm low down and i'm shifty! (ahh)
and if you hear a man that sounds like me, smack him
then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from!


left the keys in the van with a gat in each hand
went up in eastland and shot a policeman
fuck a peace plan if a citizen bystands
this shit is in my hands, here's your lifespan
and for what your life's worth, this money is twice than
grab a couple grand and lay up in iceland
see, i'm a nice man, but money turned me to satan
i'm thirsty for this green so bad, i'm dehydratin'
hurry up with the cash, bitch, i got a ride waitin'
shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin'
i want the whole pie, i won't be denied nathan
maybe i need my head inside straightened
brain contemplatin', clean out the register
dip before somebody catches ya
or gets your description and sketches ya
then connects you as the prime suspect
but i ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
'cause i got a daughter to feed
and two hundred dollars ain't enough to water the seed
the best thing would be for me to leave taco bell
and hit up chess king and have the lady at the desk bring
money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' a mac
co-operate, and we can operate to save an attack
this bitch tried escapin' the jack (ahhhhhhh!)
grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
you barely heard a word as she choked
it wasn't nothin' for her to be smoked
then i slammed her on her back 'til the vertebrae broke
just then, the pigs bust in yellin', "freeze!"
but i'm already wanted for sellin' ki's
and a bunch of other felonies from a-to-z like spellin' bees
so before i dropped to the ground and fell on knees
i bust shots, they bust back
hit me square in the chest, wasn't wearin' a vest


left the house, pullin' out the drive, backin' out
blew the back-end out this lady's jag, started blackin' out
pulled the mac-10 out
stuck it in her face — "shut your yackin' mouth
'fore i blow the brain from out the back ya scalp!"
drug her by her hair, smacked her up
figured, "fuck it! mug her while you're there," jacked her up
stole her car and made a profit
grabbed the tape from out the deck and loft it
out the window like the girl in set it off did
jetted off, kid, stole the whip, now i'm a criminal
drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
climbed out and collapsed on the patio
i made it out alive, but i'm injured badly though
parents screamin', "johnny, go in and call the police!
tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbin' all of the peace!"
tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
actin' like they never seen nobody hit a lick before
smashed the window, grabbed the nintendo 64
when they sell out in stores, the price triples
i ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
and collided with an eighty-year-old lady with groceries
there goes cheese, eggs, milk and post toasties
stood up and started to see stars
too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
barely escaped, must've been some dumb luck
jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
but i think somebody seen me maybe
plus i lost the damn nintendo and must've dropped a beanie baby
fuck it, i give up, i'm surrounded in blue suits
came out with a white flag hollerin', "truce-truce!" (don't shoot!)
and surrendered my weapon to cops
wasn't me, it was the gangster rap and the peppermint schnapps


