
yo, check it out
it's fucked up
'cause i don't see either one of us budging


"i'm withholdi-in' my anger, though i'd like to be the strangler
of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck
it's my right to insist, that he acknowledge my existence
but he just displays complete lack of respect"
that's what he says to himself, as he uses his magazines to trash me
as he sits with both his feet up at his desk
smokes a bag of his weed and starts imaginin' things
and he just can't see that he's maniacally depressed
and in his jealousy and envy it just whirls him in a frenzy
as he turns on mtv and sees my face
he don't exist in this world, so he just twists and he twirls
spirals and spins, 'til he hurls himself into a rage
and it's destroyin' him slowly, 'cause he does not even know me
even though he sees me everywhere he goes
so he just tortures himself, he has no fortune and wealth
so he extorts someone else to get his dough
and now he's actin' like a bully, so he tries to push and pull me
but he knows that he can't fool me so he's mad
and he has no choice but to scream and raise his voice up at me
'cause it annoys him to see that i ain't scared


you ain't no motherfuckin' bully
and i ain't bowin' to no motherfuckin' bully
i won't allow it, ain't gon' cower to no bully
i'll be damned if i don't stand up to a bully
fight like a man and throw my hands up to a bully
and i know it must be fuckin' wit' you emotionally


now i'm not tryin' to make no more enemies, no more unfortunately
there's so many other motherfuckers there just are
they just keep houndin' at me now that i'm down with 50
suddenly now i got beef with this faggot ja (ha-ha-ha-ha)
but his ass is such a puppet, irv could shove his whole hand up it
and just make him say what he wants him to say
but suge has irv on a string, and irv's so nervous that he
says anything to this man to keep him at bay
so now ja thinks that he's so tough and murder inc.'s the big bad wolf
and they go huff, and puff, and blow our label down
but our building's made out of bricks, so you ain't takin' out shit,
and, dawg, you just did a song with bobby brown,
so now you try to pull the race card, and it backfires in your face hard
'cause you know we don't play that black and white shit
plus the stylist you fucked, when you was ecstasied up
was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch,


you ain't no motherfuckin' bully
and i ain't bowin' to no motherfuckin' bully
i won't allow it, ain't gon' cower to no bully
i'll be damned if i don't stand up to a bully
fight like a man and throw my hands up to a bully
you must be takin' too much e

now what bothers me the most about hip-hop is we're so close
to pickin' up where we left off with big and pac
we just lost jam master j, big l got blasted away
plus we lost bugz, slang ton, and freaky tah
it's like a never-ending cycle that just seems to come full circle
everybody's gotta be so fuckin' hard
and i'm not excludin' myself, 'cause i been stupid as well
i been known to lose it, when someone says something smart
but as we grow as men, we learn to let shit go, but then again
there's only so much bullshit we can really stand
we all got reps to uphold, when someone steps on our toes
it's no exception, it goes for every man
but if irv really gave a fuck about ja, like he claims he does
he'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs
but he just keeps feedin' him pills, so if that e doesn't kill him
someone from g-unit will, and i ain't buzzed
dawg, i'm talkin' to you straight: if the situation escalates
any worse, we're gonna lose another soldier to this game
and if i get killed for this rap, i got a million in cash
that says i will get you back in hailie's name


you ain't no motherfuckin' bully
and i ain't bowin' to no motherfuckin' bully
i won't allow it, ain't gon' cower to no bully
i'll be damned if i don't stand up to a bully
fight like a man and throw my hands up to a bully
irvine, get your boy off of that e


get at me, dawg
holla

marshall! sounds like an sos
holy wack unlyrical lyrics, andre, you're fucking right!
to the rapmobile—let's go!
(marshall! marshall!)
bitches and gentlemen! it's showtime!
hurry hurry, step right up!
introducing the star of our show
his name is (marshall!)
you wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now
so without further ado, i bring to you (marshall!)



you're 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest
most rawest form, flow almost flawless
most hardest, most honest known artist
chip off the old block, but old doc is (back)
looks like batman brought his own robin
oh god, saddam's got his own laden
with his own private plane, his own pilot
set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges
oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes
vrinn, vrinn! yeah, here i come, i'm inches
away from you, dear, fear none
hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1, so


let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around, what is this?
must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
on these clowns; can i get a witness? (hell yeah!)
let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around, what is this?
must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
on these clowns; can i get a witness? (hell yeah!)


quick, gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles
gee willikers dre, "holy bat syllables!"
look at all the bullshit that goes on in gotham
when i'm gone, time to get rid of these rap criminals
so skip to your lou while i do what i do best
you ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it
flow's too wet, nobody close to it
nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit
the most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on
in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much
they make it all up, there's no such thing
like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans
it just means so much more to so much more
people when you're rapping and you know what for
the show must go on; so i'd like to welcome y'all
to marshall and andre's carnival, c'mon!


let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around, what is this?
must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
on these clowns; can i get a witness? (hell yeah!)
let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around, what is this?
must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
on these clowns; can i get a witness? (hell yeah!)


it's just like old times, the dynamic duo
two old friends, why panic? you already know
who's fully capable, the two caped heroes
dial straight down the center, eight-zero-zero
you can even call collect, the most feared duet
since me and elton played career russian roulette
and never even see me blink or get to busting a sweat
people stepping over people just to rush to the set
just to get to see an mc who breathes so freely
ease over these beats and be so breezy
jesus, how can shit be so easy?
how can one chandra be so levy?
turn on these beats, mcs don't see me
believe me, bet and mtv
are gonna grieve when we leave, dog, for sheezy
can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
'til we grow beards, get weird and disappear
into the mountains, nothing but clowns down here
but we ain't fucking around round here
yo, dre (what up?) can i get a "hell yeah"? (hell yeah!)


let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around, what is this?
must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
on these clowns; can i get a witness? (hell yeah!)
let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around, what is this?
must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
on these clowns; can i get a witness? (hell yeah!)


so there you have it, folks
(marshall!) has come to save the day
back with his friend andre
and to remind you that bullshit does not pay
because (marshall!) and andre are here to stay
and never go away
until our dying day
until we're old and grey (marshall!)
so until next time, friends
same blonde hair, same rap channel
good night, everyone!
thank you for coming! your host for the evening (marshall!)
oh! heh

(i, i wanna grow up too)
"uncle marshall, will you tell us a bedtime story?"
here we go!

now, once upon a time not long ago
there was a little rapper about to blow
but his album came, and it was not good
i think it went lead or double copper-wood
so these silly little fans, they were misled
by a nerdy internet computer hip-hop head
"me and you, clef, we're gonna make some cash."
"grab this silver paint and just paint my ass."
hey, mister, would you care to bear witness to
the ass-whippin' i'm about to administer
to this ass-kissin' little vaginal blister?
stanibus, little marshall mathers' sister
and in this corner, we have the "mr
not-havin'-it," it's the mad, sinister
dr. evil, with his bag of tricks for
this little antagonistic faggot
dick-sucking ex-ll cool j fan from windsor
i'm 'bout to murder little kenny-fag-kaniff-sta
you bastard, i ain't wanna have to diss ya
canibus, where the fuck you at? i miss ya!


canibitch, oh, canibitch
wherefore art thou, canibitch?
please tell me what happened with
that style that you were rappin' with
canibitch, oh, canibitch
are you from los angeles
new york, or just a janitor
from canada? oh, canibitch


now, at first, i ain't really understand this shit
picture me, for a second, and imagine it
chillin' in the bat mansion relaxin' when
all of a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanners, it's
canibitch, on some 'stan lives' shit
it creeped me out at first; man, this is sick
but me, bein' just as sick, this conflict
gets my dick harder than arithmetic
and i know how you jealous ones envy
i shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me
the first two letters, you were tellin' me shit like
you respect me, like any other regular mc
the third letter, you asked how come i ain't return
none of the messages at shady records you left me
the fourth letter: "slim, you're really startin' to upset me."
the fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me
the sixth letter, there's a bomb threat on our building
this crazy motherfucker's really tryna kill me
so i went back and read the first few letters that said
some shit about a message you left
oh shit! that's not a e, that's an a!
this dude wants to leave me a 'massage,' he's gay!
right away, i'm on the phone with dr. dre
"we got a bogey," "marshall, i'm on the way."


canibitch, oh, canibitch
wherefore art thou, canibitch?
please tell me what happened with
that style that you were rappin' with
canibitch, oh, canibitch
are you from los angeles
new york, or just a janitor
from canada? oh, canibitch


so, in two seconds flat, dre's at my crib
only thing is, we both know where this kid lives
and neither one of us have canadian citizenship
"shit. oh, dre, wait a minute, that's it!
all we gotta do is use a bit of turbo-boost
we can fly over the border!" "let's go!" 
canibitch, oh, canibitch
wherefore art thou, canibitch?
please tell me what happened with
that style that you were rappin' with
canibitch, oh, canibitch
are you from los angeles
new york, or just a janitor
from canada? oh, canibitch

yo, yo, yo, yo
have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
i've been protested and demonstrated against
picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
sick as the mind of the motherf***in' kid that's behind
all this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin'
tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin'
not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as i'm breathin'
keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin'
leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
see, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
look at me now! i bet you're probably sick of me now
ain't you, mama? i'ma make you look so ridiculous now!
look so ridiculous now, look so ridiculous now
look so ridiculous now, make you look so ridiculous now
now, now, now, now, now, now...


his palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
there's vomit on his sweater already: mom's spaghetti
he's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
to drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
what he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
he opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
he's choking, how? everybody's joking now
the clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow!
snap back to reality, there goes gravity
there goes rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
his whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
he knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
when he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
back to the lab again, yo!


one shot, or one opportunity
to seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment


i got some skeletons in my closet
and i don't know if no one knows it
so before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
i'ma expose it; i'll take you back to '73
before i ever had a multi-platinum-selling cd
i was a baby, maybe i was just a couple of months
my 
no more games, i'ma change what you call rage
tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
i was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
i've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
but i kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper
all the pain inside amplified by the
fact that i can't get by with my nine-to-
five and i can't provide the right type of life for my family
'cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
and there's no movie, there's no mekhi phifer, this is my life
and these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder
tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna
stay in one spot, another day of monotony's
gotten me to the point i'm like a snail, i've got
to formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not
mom, i love you, but this trailer's got
to go; i cannot grow old in salem's lot
so here i go, it's my shot: feet, fail me not
this may be the only opportunity that i got



ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
ayo, 50, what i tell you?
we ain't even have to say shit
they did it, ha-ha


monkey see, monkey do
don't ever make the first move, just let 'em come to you
'cause they gon' always see and do what the other one do
so let 'em come to you, the rest'll just follow suit
monkey see, monkey do
tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough, well, then they gon' come
now here they come like we expected, now we just set 'em up
checkmate, motherfucker, game's over, we won
tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum


it doesn't take much for me to raise such a stank up
when motherfuckers hate your guts
you ain't even gotta say much
for me to put a pen to a blank sheet of paper
is like smearin' bloodstains with a paintbrush
i can’t explain what it is my brain does
but however it works, it's insane, it's plain nuts
and it ain't just my brain that’s dangerous
it’s a whole combination of things, it takes nuts
and i’m not afraid to raise the stakes up
i got a million bucks in the bank and eight trucks
for anybody who gets on a track and spanks us
i'm patiently waitin' for the day, i’m anxious
to see the look on your fake mugs when you thugs go bankrupt
you're drunk, you ain't tough
whatever you drank must of just turned you into some gangstas
this is me talkin', motherfucker, this ain’t drugs
you wanna pop shit, wake up then make up?
fuck that! it’s too late chump, now face up
i pray for the day that someone who spits
with the caliber that nas and jay does
opens up his jaws to say somethin' or rattle my name off
or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off
so, i can blow the fuckin' dust off of this chainsaw
and give him the surgery that he came for
'til i peel the paint off, i never been shot
but i think me and 50 must've been cut from the same cloth
'cause i've always came off like ja's chain
when they tried to rush him and lost and came back
and gave him a watch in exchange for it
i don’t stop, only thing that i wait for
is the day that i ain't gotta report to probate court
'cause i'ma give you all a reason to hate more
'cause i been holdin' my tongue 'til i got a sprained jaw
a lot of rappers on my list, it just ain’t ja
and i'ma read that motherfucker off come april
you pussies think i went soft 'cause 8 mile
when i come back, i’ll be shootin' more than just paintballs
trust me


monkey see, monkey do
don't ever make the first move, just let 'em come to you
'cause they gon' always see and do what the other one do
so let 'em come to you, the rest'll just follow suit
monkey see, monkey do
tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough, well, then they gon' come
now here they come like we expected, now we just set 'em up
checkmate, motherfucker, game's over, we won
tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum


fucking dummies
this ain’t chess
you playin' motherfuckin' checkers
this shit is all day, man, it’s too easy
we playin' chess, you playin' checkers
you 'bout to get your motherfuckin' asses jumped
fuckin' punks
and by the way
we ain’t just talkin' to one person
we talkin' to every-motherfuckin'-body who wants to bring it
'cause we bringin' it to anybody who wants to bring it
so bring it
don’t pick up the ball if you don’t wanna play, man
it’s all fucked up now
fuck i’m s'posed to do now?
huh?!
the fuck i'm s'posed to do?!,
ha-ha
yo, we out

hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? (excuse me) my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady (can i have the attention of the class for one second?)
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady


hi, kids! do you like primus? (yeah, yeah)
wanna see me stick nine inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (uh-huh)
wanna copy me and do exactly like i did? (oh?)
try 'cid and get messed up worse than my life is?
my brain's dead weight, i'm trying to get my head straight
but i can't figure out which spice girl i want to impregnate (oh)
and dr. dre said "slim shady, you a basehead" (uh-uh)
"so why's your face red? man, you wasted!"
well, since age twelve, i felt like a caged elf
who stayed to himself in one space, chasing his tail
got ticked off and ripped pamela lee's lips off
kissed 'em and said, "i ain't know silicone was supposed to be this soft!"
i'm 'bout to pass out and crash, and fall in the grass
faster than the fat man who sat down too fast
come here, lady! "shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg!"
i don't give a damn, dre sent me to tick the world off


hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady


my english teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (damn)
thanks a lot, next semester i'll be thirty-five
i smacked him in his face with an eraser
chased him with a stapler, and told him to change the grade on the paper (now)
walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
served the bartender, then walked out with the tip cup
extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship
while they're screaming at me, "let's just be friends!"
ninety-nine percent of my life, i was lied to
i just found out my mom does more **** than i do (what?)
i told her i'd grow up to be a famous rapper
make a record about doing **** and name it after her (here, mom)
you know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screaming usher fans
this guy at white castle asked for my autograph (dude, can i get your autograph?)
so i signed it, "dear dave, thanks for the support, ****"


hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady


stop the tape! this kid needs to be locked away (get him)
dr. dre, don't just stand there, operate
i'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die
i'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
am i coming or going? i can barely decide
i just drank a fifth of kool-aid, dare me to drive? (go ahead!)
all my life i was very deprived
i ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (whoops!)
clothes ripped like the incredible hulk
i spit when i talk, i'll **** anything that walks
when i was little i used to get so hungry i would throw fits
how you gonna breastfeed me, mom? you ain't got no tits!
i lay awake and strap myself in the bed
put a bulletproof vest on and tap myself in the head
'till i'm steaming mad and by the way, when you see my dad (yeah?)
ask him if he bought a porno mag to see my ad


hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
