
tim westwood, marley marl and slim shady and mc proof
proof on my side, my sidekick
y'all can suck my wide -ick
said the "ick" without the d in front of it
none of you rappers want none of it
i’ll put you on punishment like big pun
wanna suck my "ick-ick"? here's a big one
i'll do it with the fluid that i’m spillin'
i'm illin', plus i'm chillin', i'm not a villain
forget the controversy surroundin' me
and all these fake-ass press people surroundin’ me, houndin’ me
but i don't give a damn ’cause i smoked a pound of weed
y'all don't want none of me
so get from in front of me like chuck d
all the these bitches wanna walk up and fuck me
whoops! did i say that or did i think it?
i don't know but my brain starts shrinkin’
my spine starts shrivelin', givin' 'em adrenaline
when i'm killin' 'em and no dnr for benylin
and this is right off the top
take a bottle of pop and bit off the top
tim, i said that last time when i was on your show
but it really doesn't matter 'cause i kick this slowest flow
with a flow that's slow, really doesn't matter
said it backwards, but all you fake-ass rappers are actors
and i'ma bring it to ya
you got a life and you got a song
but don't know how to sing it, do ya?
no you don't, so i'ma kill it
i'ma cook a cracked egg in a skillet and eat it
and smoke it and whatever, take my dick and poke it
blastin' off right now!


proof!
mc proof, here on the mic raise the roof
kill 'em like 180-proof
d12, d12, d12 (d12)
too many white and black people i been gnarly
rockin' with tim westwood and mr. marley
it's time for us to do y'all, who y'all?
we break balls like cue balls, while y'all switch up like rupaul
it's true y'all don't wanna mess around with us
a lotta people i been with is dangerous
why's this beat so fast?
i know


wow, this beats are a little bit too fast for my headache
but i don't give a damn, someone call a paramedic
'cause i'm pathetic, i need a little bit of excedrin to make my damn head spin
i'll do a head spin, a windmill and then chill, and then kill (westwood!)
whatever, i'm clever with these beat that i kick over these techniques
like technique 12 inches, i get blunted
and any rapper that wants it, don't want it
they kick in front it, right to their face
i give, i'ma smackin' it and i don't give a damn
'cause i got proof backin' it
y'all don't wanna step to me
you put your life in jeopardy
y'all better choose your mother— weaponry
ayo proof, get on the mic
show these mother— what it's like


all you motherf— goin' get f— up now
aw man
no cussin', no potions, slow motion, jack off with no lotion
i'm slower than the flow in the ocean
i can cause an explosion, to knock water out of an ocean
when i'm coastin', jumpin' the rowboat and start flowin' in it
i brought the microphone, my -ick i'm totin' it
like a glock that cock
i rock the microphone and rock the spot
and rappers jock a lot, proof come in whether you're wack or not (these voices)
or dope or not (these voices)
(i hear them, i hear them voices)
(these voices i hear them)
(and when they talk i'll follow)
(i'll follow, i'll follow, i'll follow all these voices)
(these voices i hear them)
(and when they talk i'll follow)
(i'll follow, i'll follow, i'll follow)


yo, yo, yo, i'ma give you this hot beat
marley marl style
go ahead, proof
slim shady, marley marl joint exclusive freestyle


yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, hold on, hold on, hold on (holdin' on)
this beat a little bit too happy for my stinkin' self
nah, this is nice, this is nice
this is some explicit shit that y'all can't get with
get my wrists slit, i ain't a nit wit
but i'll smoke weed and pass out like a sampling snippet
y'all don't wanna hear me rip it
y'all don't wanna hear me flip it
i biggity-biggity-biggity-whoopsie
like das efx, you get a broken neck
my textbook, take a next look
y'all don't wanna understand the way that i just come off at the top
and i can always drop everything that i stop
or everything that i keep goin' and keep flowin'
like the energizer bunny, that's why it's funny
when rappers try to step to me and try to step to me
and battle me for money, 'cause you're a dummy
'cause anything that you could say i could use against you (westwood!)
and i can slice your ass like a chem suit
let me continue, put the shit on the menu
rappers don't wanna step to me
because 
paul rosenberg
i'd like to thank y'all for comin' by, man
y'all just ripped that
did you rip my damn microphone?
paul rosenberg is a small frozen turd
why y'all just ripped my damn microphone?
(nah, we ain't did nothin' yet, yo)
aye, peace london
ma-ma-ma-marley
peace
marley, tim, i love y'all, peace
thank you very much for havin' us

(just the two of us, just the two of us)
baby, your dada loves you
and i'ma always be here for you
(just the two of us, just the two of us)
no matter what happens
you're all i got in this world
(just the two of us, just the two of us)
i would never give you up for nothin'
(just the two of us, just the two of us)
nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
i love you


c'mon hai-hai, we goin' to the beach
grab a couple of toys and let dada strap you in the car seat
oh, where's mama? she's takin' a little nap in the trunk
oh, that smell? dada must've runned over a skunk
now, i know what you're thinkin', it's kind of late to go swimmin'
but you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
don't play with dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no)
and don't look so upset, why you actin' bashful?
don't you wanna help dada build a sandcastle? (yeah)
and mama said she wants to show you how far she can float
and don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
it's just a little scratch, it don't hurt
her was eatin' dinner while you were sweepin'
and spilled ketchup on her shirt
mama's messy, ain't she? we'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can play by ourselves, can't we?


just the two of us, just the two of us
and when we ride
just the two of us, just the two of us
just you and i
just the two of us, just the two of us
and when we ride
just the two of us, just the two of us
just you and i (see, honey)


there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
a place called prison and a place called jail
and dada's probably on his way to all of 'em except one
'cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
and you don't want a brother, do ya? (nah)
maybe when you're old enough
to understand a little better, i'll explain it to ya
but for now, we'll just say mama was real, real bad
was bein' mean to dad and made him real, real mad
but i still feel sad that i put her on time out
sit back in your chair, honey, quit tryna climb out
i told you it's okay, hai-hai, want a ba-ba?
take a night-night? na-na-boo, goo-goo-ga-ga?
her make poo-poo ca-ca? dada change your didee
clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
'97 bonnie and clyde, me and my daughter


just the two of us, just the two of us
and when we ride
just the two of us, just the two of us
just you and i
just the two of us, just the two of us
and when we ride
just the two of us, just the two of us
just you and i


wake up, sweepyhead, we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
baby, don't cry, honey, don't get the wrong idea
mama's too sweepy to hear you scweamin' in her ear (mama)
that's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
dada made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
here, you wanna help dada tie a rope around this rock? (yeah)
we'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
ready now, here we go, on the count of free
one, two, free, whee
there goes mama, spashin' in the water
no more fightin' with dad, no more restraining order
no more step-dada, no more new brother
blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy)
now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
but first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk


just the two of us, just the two of us
and when we ride
just the two of us, just the two of us
just you and i
just the two of us, just the two of us
and when we ride
just the two of us, just the two of us
just you and i


(just the two of us, just the two of us)
just me and you, baby, is all we need in this world
(just the two of us, just the two of us)
just me and you
your dada will always be here for you
your dada's always gonna love you, remember that
if you ever need me, i'ma always be here for you
you ever need anything, just ask
dada will be right there
your dada loves you
i love you, baby

blastin' off (aw yeah!)
yo, i'm sayin' though
you understand what's going on right now, london?
one two, one two, one two (yeah)
one two, one two, one two (one two)
y'all done started something that you can't undo (what?)
yo, yo (a one-one-one two)


i'm up in the spot with tim westwood
you wanna step to this? you better use your best foot
flawless freestyles i drop right off the top (yeah)
take a bottle of beer and bite off the top (yeah)
right of the block, straight to your neighborhood (what?)
the flavor's good in london and i'ma stay for good (ha!)
yo, check it out, it's slim shady
i rip the radio right off of the s baby (yeah)
y'all can't see me 'cause y'all don't wanna even be it
y'all don't understand these freestyles when i mc it (yeah)
original bad boy on the case, cover your face
came in the place, blowed and sprayed puffy with mace (what)
i lace the weed with insect repellent, better check to smell it
eminem starts with e, better check to spell it
with a capital, somebody grab me a snapple
i got an aspirin capsule trapped on my adam's apple
somebody dropped me on my head and i'm for sure
that my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her
i slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was 6 months
and said i'm ready now bitch, ain't you feelin' these kicks, cunt?
the world ain't ready for me yet, i can tell
i'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell
i'm sicker than sperm cells with syphilis germs
and i'm hotter than my dick is, when i piss and it burns (yeah)
i kick you in the tummy until you're sick to your stomach
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it
hit you in the head with a brick 'til you plummet
if y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick 'til you numb it (what?)
and all the gibberish you was spittin', you need to kill it
'cause your style is like dyin' in my sleep, i don't feel it (yeah)
and any mc that try to step to this i'll throw you right off of the roof
ayo, bust it, proof!


hey listen
one of a kind and i come with the time
havin' fun with the rhyme until i'm done with your mind
listen, now every mc got a story
well, mine is me and my story hasn't involved me before me
i'm sorry too when my style to be proved
ayo since big daddy kane fell off they don't know how to be smooth
yo, i seen a fat rodent walk in with paul rosen
with a gat in holdin', talkin' 'bout he deshaun holton
it's the same thing, we bust when it come through
with tim westwood, your best foot forward
can't do that, here it is, put your good foot
we mack y'all, like y'all was some hoes on wood wood
no time for that, flatbacks when you rap, counterattack
with a battle axe, you collapse from them whack raps
you try to spit to me, i make you all know i'm a genius
if i hear hyenas
come back holdin' my―yo, no need to cuss, bust (penis!)
yo we can't say that keep it the cleanest, the meanest
slim shady, next single was "my fault"
y'all caught outlined in chalk, incredible as the hulk
while i settle for swart, it's the p-r-letter o
sex is hetero, cash more checks than federal, you better know
how you feel about they got a dope cheddar flow
and my man dee teezy, straight from stress magazine
bag a scene, we drag your queen
like she's a man dressed up, how you feel you get pressed up
left up, it's time for that p-r-o-o, you get f'd up
yeah it's time for that mind combat
next up my man slim shade when we rhyme at


last night i od'd on rush, mushrooms and dust
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed (what)
shucks, i'm an alcoholic and that's all i can say
i've called in to work 'cause all i do is frolic and play
i swallow grenades and take about a bottle a day
of tylenol 3 and talk about how violent i'll be (yeah)
give me 11 excedrin and my head'll spin
medicine'll get me revvin' like a 747 jet engine (woo)
scratched my balls 'til i shred the skin
doctor check this rash, look how red it's been
it's probably aids, forget it then (ha ha)
i'll strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
that don't even make sense like dykes usin' dildos
so reach in your bill folds for 10 duckets
and pick up the slim shady stuff that's on rawkus (yeah)
somethin' somethin' somethin' somethin', i can't read it (i got your back)
my daughter scribbled over that rhyme, i couldn't read it (i got your back)


aight, aight
yo, yo yo (yeah)
one more time i come back
slingin' the wack, yo
i'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless, patrollin' corners
lookin' for hookers to punch in the mouth for a roll of quarters (woo)
i'm meaner in action than roscoe beatin' james todd senior
and smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
i grew up in the wild hood, as a hazardous youth
with a messed up childhood, that i use as an excuse
and ain't nothin' changed, i kept the same mind state
since the third time that i failed 9th grade
you'll probably think that i'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
i don't promote violence, i just encourage it (yeah)
i laugh at the sight of death as i fall down a cement flight of steps
and land inside a bed of spider webs
so throw caution to the wind, you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
pfft, why not? blow your brain out, i'm blowin' mine out
forget it, you only live once you might as well die now


smokin' herb and still we spit
on this microphone, they say i'm allowed to say, "shit"
so i'ma say it as much as i can
'cause it don't matter 'cause i'm the man
with a frickin' beer in my hand
i said, "frick" 'cause i was respectin' tim westwood
y'all wanna step to this, yo i come from the best hood
detroit, the motown, where it goes down
kick the flow sound, rappers they know now
but kick a pro now


and 3 plus, y'all wanna be us
but none of y'all can see us (what)
even if y'all had some new bifocals, i try locals
so y'all die roiled locals 'cause i smoked you (yeah)
plus i provoke you and then i bust
freestyles y'all can't trust, i'm like canibus (yeah)
i bust, can i bust? no, you can't
well, yes i can 'cause i'm slim shady and i'm the man


well, i'ma check then with dirty needles
it's two of us but we're not the beatles
'cause there was three of them, and i am seein' them
but y'all ain't seein' em even if i was drivin' in the bm in the pm
with the top up and the top down, don't matter 'cause i rock now
yo, y'all can hear the glock sound, 2pac now
yo, that's what i am when i bust, this lyrical image
y'all can't just betray the scrimmage
that i be killin' when i be bustin' and i'm crushin'
any mc leave 'em with no freakin' discussion


weed lacer, ninety-seven burgundy blazer
wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer
i'm on some loc' shit, some fed up with this bein' broke shit (yeah)
i'm not to joke with, yo, i don't sell crack, i smoke it


hand me an .8, beam me up and land me in space
i'ma sit on top of the world and spit on brandy and ma$e
i'm more than ill, scarier than a white person
trapped in a room with lauryn hill, human horror film
but with a lot funnier plot, and people that feel me
'cause i'ma still be madd rapper, whether i got money or not
as long as i'm on pills, and i got plenty of pot
i'll be in a canoe paddlin', makin' fun of your yacht
but i would like an award
for the best rapper to get one mic in the source
and a wardrobe i can afford
otherwise i might just end up back-strikin' a ford
and you wonder what the hell i need more vicodin for
everybody's pissin' me off; even the no limit tank
looks like a middle finger sideways flippin' me off
no duh i'm a great danger to my health
why else would i kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself?
you can hate me now


flows are hmm delly-lah like arabian! (*proof mimicking arabian speech*)
ayo, ayo
we don't wanna hear that best white rapper
we be talkin' 'bout best rapper
forget all that, you know what i'm sayin' ?
no doubt, no doubt, never
blastin' off
explosions left and right (left and right)
this is legendary (it's legendary)
legendary! (remember this show!)
this is john lennon, this is john lennon, legendary (remember this show)
history, baby
we on some john lennon
blowin', blowin'
we blowin' the spot right now, london
where it's war yo!
blowin'!
it doesn't even matter
slim shady, big proof
c'mon tim westwood
we blowin' up the spot right now, london!
london's done, it's gone!
what did ya think baby? you made that happen
thanks for having us, tim
no doubt, no doubt, we blowin' up the spot
we blastin' off with tim westwood now
you understand what's going on, london? no doubt!
big up new york, big up paris, big up london
big up jersey, big up brooklyn, queens, bronx, manhattan
big up tim westwood
yo, we makin' it happen, yo!
on your wheel, just still
tim westwood, where it's born!
peace to everybody, have a good night's sleep

hi!

original bad boy on the case, cover your face
came in the place blowed, and sprayed puffy with mace
i laced the weed with insect repellent, better check to smell it
eminem starts with e, better check the spellin'
with a capital, somebody grab me a snapple
i got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple (hurry up!)
somebody dropped me on my head, and i'm for sure
that my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her
i slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
and said "i'm ready now, bitch! ain't you feelin' these kicks, cunt?"
the world ain't ready for me yet, i can tell
i'll probably have a cell next to a furnace in hell
i'm sicker than sperm cells with syphilis germs
and i'm hotter than my dick is when i piss and it burns (pssss! ow!)
i kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it (yuck!)
hit you in the head with a brick 'til you plummet
if y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick 'til you numb it
and all that gibberish you was spittin', you need to kill it
‘cause your style is like dying in my sleep, i don't feel it


‘cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills, and a minithin
is fuckin' crazy – you hear me? huh?
is fuckin' crazy – hello, hi!
‘cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin' crazy – do you hear me?
is fuckin' crazy


i'm ice-grillin' you, starin' you down with a gremlin grin
i'm eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym
i'm slim, the "shady" is really a fake alias
to save me with in case i get chased by space aliens
a brainiac, with a cranium packed
full of more uranium than a maniac saudi arabian
a highly combustible head, spasmatic
strapped to a craftmatic adjustable bed
laid up in the hospital in critical condition
i flatlined, jumped up, and ran from the mortician
high speed, iv full of thai weed
lookin' chinese with my knees stuck together like siamese
twins, joined at the groin like lesbians (uh)
pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pens
i hope god forgives me for my sins
it probably all depends on if i keep on killin' my girlfriends


‘cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills, and a minithin
is fuckin' crazy – you hear me? huh?
is fuckin' crazy – listen!
‘cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin' crazy – do you hear me?
is fuckin' crazy


last night, i o.d.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed
(shucks!) i'm an alcoholic, and that's all i can say
i call in at work, ‘cause all i do is frolic and play
i swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day
of tylenol 3, and talk about how violent i'll be (rrarrrrh)
give me eleven excedrin, my head'll spin
medicine'll get me revvin' like a 747 jet engine
scratched my balls 'til i shredded skin
"doctor, check this rash! look how red it's been!" "it's probably aids!" "forget it then."
i strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
that don't even make sense, like dykes using dildos
so reach in your billfolds for ten ducats
and pick up this slim shady shit that's on rawkus
"somethin', somethin', somethin', somethin', i get weeded."
my daughter scribbled over that rhyme, i couldn't read it (damn!)


‘cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills, and a minithin
is fuckin' crazy – you hear me? huh?
is fuckin' crazy – hello?!
‘cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin' crazy – do you hear me?
is fuckin' crazy


hi, something's not right
i'm sorry, i'm mentally retarded
slim shady, i think that's my name
rawkus records, fuckin' crazy
do you hear us? we're fuckin' crazy!
all of us! hi… bye… goodnight, somethin'

(i don't know) yes, man
(why this world keeps turning) as the world turns
('round and 'round) we all experience things in life
(but i wish it would stop and let me off right now)
trials and tribulations
(i don't know) that we all must go through
(why this world keeps turning) when someone wants to test us
('round and 'round) when someone tries our patience
(but i wish it would stop and let me off right now)


i hang with a bunch of hippies and wacky tobacco planters
who swallow lit roaches and light up like jack-o-lanterns
outsidaz, baby, and we suin' the courts
'cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source
yo, they never should've booted me outta reform school (uh-uh)
deformed fool, takin' a shit in the warm pool
'til they threw me out the ramada inn
i said, "it wasn't me, i got a twin"
oh my god, it's you, not again (ahh)
it all started when my mother took my bike away
'cause i murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
after that, it was straight to the 40 ouncers
slappin' teachers and jackin' off in front of my counselors
class clown freshman, dressed like les nessman
fuck the next lesson, i'll pass the test guessin'
and all the other kids said, "eminem is a thizz head
he'll never last, the only class he'll ever pass is phys ed"
maybe true, 'til i told this bitch in gym class
that she was too fat to swim laps, she need a slim fast
(who, me?) yeah, bitch, you so big
you walked into vic tanny's and stepped on jenny craig
(well, i have never)
she picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
put me in a headlock, then i thought of my guinea pig
(wait, wait, wait, wait)
i felt the evilness and started transformin' (rrrahh)
it began stormin', i heard a bunch of cheerin' fans swarmin'
grabbed that bitch by her hair, drug her across the ground (come here, bitch)
and took her up to the highest divin' board and tossed her down
sorry coach, it's too late to tell me stop
while i drop this bitch face down and watch her belly-flop


('cause i don't know) as the world turns
(why this world keeps turning) these are the days of our lives
('round and 'round) these are the things that we must go through
(but i wish it would stop and let me off right now) day by day


we drive around in million-dollar sports cars
while little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
outsidaz, and we suin' the courts
'cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source (yo)
hypochondriac, hangin' out at the laundromat
where all the raunchy, fat, white-trashy blondes be at
dressed like a sailor, standin' by a pail of garbage
it's almost dark and i'm still tryna nail a trailer park bitch
i met a slut and said, "what up? it's nice to meet ya" (hi)
"i'd like to treat you to a faygo and a slice of pizza
but i'm broke as fuck
and i don't get paid 'til the first of next month (sorry)
but if you'd care to join me, i was about to roll this next blunt
but i ain't got no weed, no phillies or no papers
plus, i'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
so give me all your money and don't try nothin' funny
'cause you know your stinking ass is too fat to try to outrun me"
i went to grab my gun, that's when her ass put it on me (stop)
with an uppercut, hit me with a basket of laundry (ooh)
i fell through the glass doors, started causin' a scene
slid across the floor and flew right into a washin' machine
jumped up with a broken back, thank god i was smokin' crack
all day, and doped up on coke and smack
all i wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
now i wanna kill her, but yo, i gotta catch her first
ran through rally's parkin' lot and took a shortcut
saw the house she ran up in and shot her fuckin' porch up
kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
looked around the room
that's when i seen her bedroom door shut
"i know you're in there, bitch, i got my gun cocked
you might as well come out now"
she said, "come in, it's unlocked"
i walked in and all i smelled was liz claiborne
and seen her spread across the bed naked, watchin' gay porn
she said, "come here, big boy, let's get acquainted"
i turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
she came at me at full speed, nothin' could stop her
i shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
i started to beg, "no, please let go"
but she swallowed my fuckin' leg whole like an egg roll
with one leg left, now i'm hoppin' around crippled
i grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
just tryna buy me some time, then i remembered this magic trick
duh-dah-duh-dah-duh-duh, go-go gadget dick
whipped that shit out, and ain't no doubt about it
it hit the ground, caused an earthquake and power outage
i shouted, "now, bitch, let's see who gets the best"
stuffed that shit in, crooked and fucked that fat slut to death
ow, ow (come here, bitch)
ow, ahh (come here, take this mothafuckin' dick, bitch, come here)


('cause i don't know) and as we go along
(why this world keeps turning) throughout the days of our lives
('round and 'round)
(but i wish it would stop and let me off right now)
we all face small obstacles
(i don't know) and challenges everyday
(why this world keeps turning) that we must go through
('round and 'round) these are the things
that surround us through our atmosphere
(but i wish it would stop and let me off right now)
(i don't know) every day
(why this world keeps turning) every single day the world keeps turning
('round and 'round) keeps turning
(but i wish it would stop and let me off right now) keeps turning
(i don't know why this world keeps turning)

the wild, ha-ha
the wild west
ha, ride


all you see is the sun reflectin' off of the gun
ready for the showdown to go down at one
sweat on my brow, let's settle it now
i'ma show you how real cowboys get down
i'm polishin' gold, waitin' for this drama to unfold
i got a blunt rolled
feelin' bold, gangsta's blood runs cold
it's time to reload this old .45 colt
the wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty
bust a couple shots, make sure i'm not rusty
it's past noon, he should be here soon
sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
all of a sudden i can hear the sound of hoofs
sounds like a thousand wolves
i cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze
i pose like a poster, he's closer than close
i hold the heat sturdy, i heard he fights dirty
but i'ma put 30 inside him and leave early
and just when i went to fill him with hot lead
i put the gun to his head, and this is what he said
you never met me, you'll probably never see me again
but i know you, the name's slim, you want revenge?
then don't shoot, i'm in the same boots as you
i'm telling the truth, i got a price on my head too
'cause when you-


you ride like a cowboy toward the sun
and life ain't fun when you're on the run
got your gold and you got your gun
but life as an outlaw just begun
got your shotgun by your side
got your horse and you got your pride
you ride 'til there ain't no place to hide
it's sad 'cause the bad guys always die


he was shady, i seen by the look on his face
he said, "take ten paces," shit, i took eight
spun around and i aimed straight for the brain
my shit went bang but it only fired a blank, he said
you need bullets, hurry up, run
i put a clip in the gun and pointed at his lungs
we both drew at the same time and stood stunned
go ahead, shoot me, but i'm not the one you want
i figured he was tellin' the truth, that's why i didn't shoot
so what we gon' do? it's on you
do you recall when you and snoop was a group?
(the chronic)
well, all we gotta do is find a map to part two
and plus i know who's got it
who?
some old dude who's got 26 plaques
and he already sold two
loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
hid two pieces of gold inside of my satchel
we rolled two miles until we hit the spot
an old ghost town that everybody forgot
a place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
slim grabbed the shotgun
dre, here's the plot
this is the spot, they call him doc loveless
he's going around saying he took the game from us
let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin'
he ain't got no legs, they cut them off at the stomach
he's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
plus he's well-respected by the hip-hop heads
our mission is to get him to stop layin' eggs
and we can put him on his back down a flight of steps
i drew two guns, spun them on my fingers
kicked the swingin' doors in, started gun-slingin'
i could hear somebody singin', it sounded like a "g thang"
and a verse from "keep their heads ringin'"
i said, "it's dre's day," and started to spray
it's 1800, he pulls a ak
hollow tips started flyin' every which way
that's when i seen dre in trouble and came with the gauge
i fired the first shot, spun his body around
he hit the ground and landed upside down
dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
i grabbed two girlies and a blunt that's rolled

you ride like a cowboy toward the sun
and life ain't fun when you're on the run
got your gold and you got your gun
the life as an outlaw just begun
got your shotgun by your side
got your horse and you got your pride
you ride 'til there ain't no place to hide
it's sad 'cause the bad guys always die
you ride like a cowboy toward the sun
and life ain't fun when you're on the run
got your gold and you got your gun
but life as an outlaw just begun
got your shotgun by your side
got your horse and you got your pride
you ride 'til there ain't no place to hide
it's sad 'cause the bad guys always die (always die)


the wild, ha-ha
the wild west
ha-ha, ride, ha

(just pull the plug!) people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin' to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (c'mon!)
c'mon, do as i do, go ahead, get mad and do it!
(just pull the plug!) people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin' to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (c'mon!)
c'mon, do as i do, go ahead, get mad and do it!
(just let it go!)

hand me an eighth, beam me up and land me in space
i'ma sit on top of the world (right here), and shit on brandy and mase
i'm more than ill, scarier than a white journalist
in a room with lauryn hill, human horror film
but with a lot funnier plot, and people'll feel me
'cause i'ma still be the mad rapper whether i got money or not (yep)
as long as i'm on pills and i got plenty of pot
i'll be in a canoe paddling, making fun of your yacht
but i would like an award for the best rapper to get
one mic in the source and a wardrobe i can afford
otherwise i might just end up back strikin' at ford
and you wonder what the fuck i need more vicodin for?
everybody's pissin' me off: even the no limit tank
looks like a middle finger sideways flippin' me off
no shit, i'm a grave danger to my health
why else would i kill you then jump in a grave and bury myself?


(just pull the plug!) people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin' to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (c'mon!)
c'mon, do as i do, go ahead, get mad and do it!
(just let it go!) people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin' to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (c'mon!)
c'mon, do as i do, go ahead, get mad and do it!
(just do it!)

i'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin' corners
lookin' for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
i'm meaner in action than roscoe beatin' james todd senior
across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments
i grew up in a wild hood as a hazardous youth
with a fucked up childhood that i used as an excuse
and ain't shit changed, i kept the same mindstate
since the third time that i failed ninth grade
you probably think that i'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
i don't promote violence, i just encourage it (c'mon)
i laugh at the sight of death, as i fall down a cement flight of steps
and land inside a bed of spider webs
so throw caution to the wind, you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge, and if you live, do it again
shit, why not? blow your brain out, i'm blowin' mine out
fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now


(just let it go!) people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin' to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (c'mon!)
c'mon, do as i do, go ahead, get mad and do it!
(just pull the plug!) people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin' to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (c'mon!)
c'mon, do as i do, go ahead, get mad and do it!
(just do it!)


my laser disc'll make you take a razor to your wrist
make you satanistic, make you take the pistol to your face
and place the clip and cock it back
and let it go until your brains are rippin' out your skull
so bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches
i'm not a role model, i don't wanna babysit kids
i got one little girl, and hailie jade is shady's business
and shady's just an alias i made to make you pissed off
where the fuck were you when gilbert's paid to make me dishwash?
i make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got
you made me get a bigger attitude than eighty kim scotts
and she almost got the same fate that grady's bitch got
i knew that "just the two of us" would make you hate me this much
and "just the two of us," that ain't got shit to do with us
and our personal life, it's just words on a mic
so you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig
but the funny shit is that i still go with the bitch!


(just pull the plug!) people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin' to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (c'mon!)
c'mon, do as i do, go ahead, get mad and do it!
(just let it go!) people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin' to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol
c'mon, do as i do, go ahead, get mad and do it!
(just do it!)

i don't speak, i float in the air, wrapped in a sheet
i'm not a real person, i'm a ghost trapped in a beat
i translate when my voice is read through a seismograph
and the noise is spread
picked up and transmitted through royce's head (uhh)
trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed
'til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
told him each one of his boys is dead (ohh)
i asked him to come to the dark side
he made a choice and said (yo)
who hard? yo, i done heard worse
we can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
to see which one'll swerve first
two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity
holds that of a globe on top of nine other planets
kissed the cheek of the devil, intelligence level
is hellier than treble peakin' on speakers in the ghetto
dismissal, i'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of an atheist
interceptin' missiles with my bare hands like a patriot
one track sliced without swords, i buried the christ corpse
in my past life, when the black knight mounted the white horse
and stay over-worked, it's like the nazis and the nation
collaboratin', attemptin' to take over the earth


'cause this is what happens when bad meets evil
we hit the trees 'til we look like vietnamese people
he's evil, and i'm bad like steve seagal
above the law 'cause i don't agree with police either
shit, me neither

we ain't eager to be legal
so please leave me with the keys to your jeep eagle
i breathe ether in three lethal amounts
while i stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle (ahh)
releasin' rage on anybody in squeezin' range
cold enough to make the seasons change into freezin' rain
(he's insane) no i'm not, i just want to shoot up
and i'm pissed off, 'cause i can't find a decent vein
the disaster with dreads, i'm bad enough to commit suicide
and survive long enough to kill my soul after i'm dead
when in danger, it's funny, actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
'cause i serve any stranger with money
i spray a hundred, man, until they joint chains
while slippin' bullets at point-blank range like they was punches
piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it
whippin' human ass, throwin' blows, crackin' jaws
with my fists wrapped in gauze, dipped in glue and glass
i'm blazin' emcees, at the same time amazin' emcees
somehow, emcees ain't that eyebrow-raisin' to me
from all of angles of us, flash a mac loud enough
to cast a avalanche and bust 'til volcanoes erupt


hello? (billy?)
ayo, what’s up? (we're comin' to get you)
stop, they know it's us


i used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (uh-uh)
i'm the one who burned your house down (oh)
well, i'm out now (shit)
and this time, i'm comin' back to blow your house up
and i ain't gon' leave you with a window to jump out of
give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
and you won't see me, like fat people in steam rooms
and when i go to hell and i'm gettin' ready to leave
i'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe


'cause this is what happens when bad meets evil
and we hit the trees 'til we look like vietnamese people
he's evil, and i'm bad like steve seagal
against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel
(we'll be waiting) see you in hell (uh-huh)
wall street (yup), royce da 5'9", slim shady (uh)
see you in hell for the sequel (bye-bye)
bad meets evil, what? (until next time)



(ha-ha-ha-ha-ha) yo, mic check
(woo, shit) testing
one, two, um, twelve
what up? what up? what up? (outsiderz)
this is my dance song, can you hear me? (outsiderz)
(rah digga, young zee, bust it, bust it)
alright, ayy, turn my headphones up


my favorite color is red like the bloodshed
from kurt cobain's head when he shot himself dead
women all grabbin' at my shish kabab
bought lauryn hill's tape so her kids could starve
(“i can't stand white people”)
you thought i was ill and now i'm even more so
shit, i got full-blown aids and a sore throat
i got a wardrobe with an orange robe
i'm in the fourth row, signin' autographs at your show
i just remembered that i'm absent-minded
wait, i mean i've lost my mind, i can't find it
i'm freestylin' every verse that i spit
'cause i don't even remember the words to my shit (um, one, two)
i told the doc i need a change in sickness
and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
put my lp on your christmas gift list
you want to get high? here, bitch, just sniff this


cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)


yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
i tried suicide once and i'll try it again
that's why i write songs where i die at the end
'cause i don't give a fuck like my middle finger was stuck
and i was wavin' it at everybody, screamin', "i suck" (i suck)
i go on stage in front of a sell-out crowd
and yell out loud, "all y'all get the hell out now"
fuck rap, i'm givin' it up, y'all, i'm sorry
(but eminem, this is your record release party)
i'm bored out of my gourd, so i took a hammer
and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my ford
guess i'm just a sick, sick bastard
who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (i ain't got it all)
one excedrin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
i feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage (oh)
and if you ever see a video for this shit
i'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit


cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)


got bitches on my jock out in east detroit
'cause they think that i'm a motherfuckin' beastie boy
so i told 'em i was mike d
they was like, "gee, i don't know, he might be"
i told 'em, "meet me at kid rock's next concert" (oh really?)
i'll be standin' by the loch ness monster" (okay)
peace out (bye)
then i jetted to the weed house, smoked out
'til i started bustin' freestyles, broke out
then i dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
crushed up the tylenol and ate it with a dipstick
made a couple of crank calls collect (brrrt)
"it's ken kaniff from connecticut, can you accept?"
i want to make songs all the fellas dub
and murder every rich rapper that i'm jealous of
so just remember, when i bomb your set
yo, i only cuss to make your mom upset


cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)
cum on everybody (get down tonight)

yo, mic-check (my dick)
testing, one, two, fuck (my dick)
my nuts

my attitude is worse than n.w.a's was
i'll battle you over stupid shit
and diss people who ain't have shit to do with it
like cool j does (my tattoo)
you see me standin' outside of your buildin'
screamin', "puffy is good, but slim shady is for the children"
i look at my life in a new light
fuck it, give me two mics
i write songs for me, fuck what you like
you probably hear me rap half-hearted
'cause i don't like rap anyway
i'm just tryna get my porno career started (oh, hell yeah)
every place and event, been there, done that
shit, dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
want a deal? study these five chapters
lesson 1, throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
lesson 2, face 'em and diss 'em (what up, dawg?)
don't give 'em a demo, kidnap 'em
(come on, you're comin' with me, motherfucker, check this out)
and make 'em come to your basement and listen
lesson 3, get a job at a label
switch demos with canibus and put yours on the owner's table
(here, listen)
lesson 4, know you heard this before
"hey, let me get your number, i'll call you tomorrow for sure"
don't act like a fan, you wanna get signed
get the whitest a&r you can find
pull him aside and rap as wack as you can (hey dude, come here)
lesson 5, get a hook-up at jive
dress up like i.c.p. and have them come see you perform live
and that's the key, but when you see me on the street
i ain't givin' you shit, bitch, don't even bother askin' me
toilet water splashes me right in the ass when i'm spittin'
'cause i'm always shittin' when i'm rappin', like master p (ungh)
got a blowjob from paula jones and stuffed it so far in her mouth
my balls broke both of her collarbones
told mya this shit was all about me-ah
gave alyssa milano syphilis, mono and gonorrhea
and all three of my main girls said, "see ya"
'cause brandy and monica walked in
and caught me fuckin' aaliyah
i splish-splash while i'm takin' a bath
grab a handful of pills, break 'em in half, take 'em and laugh
white trash, fuckin' your wife in the ass
while you're out siphonin' gas
for your lawn mower to cut the grass


so if i hurt your self-esteem and you get dissed too bad
(yo, why you diss me?)
you know i just be sayin' that to get you mad
and when i rap about a buncha shit you wished you had
(a big dick)
you know i just be sayin' that to get you mad
i can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad
you know i just be sayin' that to get you mad
he'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad (nurse, nurse)
you know i just be sayin' that to get you mad

what a wonderful day, i should go outside and play
ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
hi, renée (oh, hi)
i was just about to toss a live grenade
in your driveway and drive away (what?)
are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with aids?
blood drippin' from it
rippin' your stomach like a paper mâché
you talk a lot of shit, but you was never ill, though
i'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh
jumped up, choked a giraffe
snapped his neck and broke it in half
wagin' wars, went on stage
and sprayed cage with agent orange
and wiped my ass with his page in source (here)
the demon is here, i'm steamin' this year
i rip **** voice box out and scream in his ear
it's not a gimmick, bitch, it's an image, i live it
give a fuck? i don't know what a fuck is to give it
"yeah, i don't think this guy is well"
i'm high as hell, i'll beat you with a live cat
when i'm swingin' him by his tail
i'll fuckin', i'll fuckin', lay your nuts on the dresser
just your nutsack by itself
and bang them shits with a spiked bat
cut your neck off, then sew your head right back
and leave you like that
you just triggered a prick who just mixed liquor
who's itchin' to leave you disfigured
and stiffer than christopher reeves
i was dealing with strep throat
while your mother was breastfeeding
and gave her the flesh-eating disease
i'm iller than takin' a hammer and beating your knees
and walkin' through south central l.a., bleeding in jeans
(am i a blood or a crip?)
wakin' up the next day in breathing machines
flashin' back to bein' shot and repeating the scenes
on how you just got smoked, and if you do live
you'll be too scared to tell it, like a biggie and pac joke


so if i hurt your self-esteem and you get dissed too bad
you know i just be sayin' that to get you mad
and when i rap about a buncha shit you wished you had
you know i just be sayin' that to get you mad
i can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad
you know i just be sayin' that to get you mad
he'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad
you know i just be sayin' that to get you mad


i know that makes you real mad, don't it? (uh-huh)
that's right, slim shady (yup)
sway and tech, sprayin' wreck (bitch)
and we don't give a heck (uh-uh)
or a damn or a fuck or a shit
so suck my mothafuckin' dick
the wake up show, let me tell you what it mean to me
it mean hard beats, hard rhymes, b-boys
hip-hop, baby, all the way, forever

alright, stop (uh?), now before you walk in the door
of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer
you better think of the consequence
(who are you?) i'm your mo{therfuckin'} conscience!
that's nonsense! go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs
and borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs (can i borrow this?)
tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
if you shave your legs with renee's razor blades
yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
the whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
think about it before you walk in the door first
look at the store clerk, she's older than george burns
bump that, do that {shit}! hit that lick!
can you afford to blow this hit, are you that rich?
why'd you care if you scare her to death? are you that chick?
do you really think she gives {a fuck} if you have kids?
man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (you're right!)
not over this lick (stop!), drop the biscuit (i will!)
don't even listen to slim, yo, he's bad for you
you know what, dre? i don't like your attitude


these voices, these voices, i hear them
and when they talk, i'll follow, i'll follow
i'll follow, i'll follow all these voices
these voices, i hear them
and when they talk, i'll follow, i'll follow
i'll follow, i'll follow all these


now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
and smearin' her lipstick, slip this in her drink
now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chicken's earlobe
yo, this girl's only fifteen years old
how could you take advantage of her? she's passed out
it's easy, just cut these lights out, that's how
then pick this chicken up, get her off brad's couch
and leave her on the front porch in her mom and dad's house
man, ain't you ever seen that one movie kids?
no, but i seen the porno with sun doobiest (doobiest)
d'you wanna get hauled off to jail?
bump that, drop her off, ring the door bell then bail


these voices, these voices, i hear them
and when they talk, i'll follow, i'll follow
i'll follow, i'll follow all these voices
these voices, i hear them
and when they talk, i'll follow, i'll follow
i'll follow, i'll follow all these


alright, calm down, relax, start breathin'
start breathin', man? you just caught your wife cheatin'
while you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off
forget gettin' divorced, cut this chicken's head off!
wait, what if there's a good explanation for this?
what, she tripped, fell, landed on his {dick}?
alright, shady, maybe he's right, grady
but think about the baby before you get all crazy
okay, thought about it? still wanna grab her?
kick her out the house, get your daughter and kidnap her?
that's what i did, be smart, don't be a retard
you gonna take advice from somebody who slapped dee barnes?
(what you say?) what's wrong? didn't think i'd remember?
(i'ma kill you, you little m{otherfucker}!) huh-uh, temper, temper
mr. dre, mr. n.w.a, mr. ak
comin' straight outta compton, y'all better make way
how in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
'cause he don't need to go the same route that i went
been there, done that
{aw, fuck it,} what am i sayin'?
{do 'em both, grady! where's your gun at?}

who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough? (huh?)
told you how to slap dips and murder your girl? (i did)
gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
sold a billion tapes, and still screamed "fuck the world"
(i'm slim shady) so come and kill me while my name's hot
and shoot me 25 times in the same spot (ow)
i think i got a generation brainwashed
to pop pills and smoke pot 'til they brains rot
stop they blood flow 'til they veins clot
i need a pain shot and a shot of plain scotch
purple haze and acid raindrops
spike the punch at the party and drink pop
shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
bad boy, i told you that i can't stop
you gotta make 'em fear you 'fore you make 'em feel you
so everybody buy my shit or i'ma come and kill you

i got mushrooms, i got acid, i got tabs and aspirin tablets
i'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free
you know me, i'm your friend when you need a mini thin
(i'm slim shady, shady, shady, shady) i'm shady


i like happy things, i'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh)
i like birds, bees, i like people
i like funny things that make me happy and gleeful
like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool
the ill type, i stab myself with a steel spike
while i blow my brain out just to see what it feels like
'cause this is how i am in real life (mhm)
i don't want to just die a normal death
i wanna be killed twice (uh-huh)
i just wanna scare somebody with a gun threat
when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet
so bring the money by tonight
'cause your wife said this the biggest knife
she ever saw in her life (help me, help me)
i try to keep it positive and play it cool
shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school
(stay in school)
cause i'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
tonight i think i'll write my biggest fan a fuck-you letter

i got mushrooms, i got acid, i got tabs and aspirin tablets
i'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free
you know me, i'm your friend when you need a mini thin
(i'm slim shady, shady, shady, shady) i'm shady


yo, i'll listen to your demo tape and act like i don't like it
(ahh, that shit is wack)
six months later, you'll hear your lyrics on my shit
(that's my shit)
people don't buy shit no more, they just dub it
that's why i'm still broke and had the number-one club hit
(yup, uh-huh)
but they love it when you make your business public
so fuck it, i've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh)
and if i told you i had aids, y'all would play it
'cause you stupid mothafuckas think i'm playin' when i say it
well, i do take pills, don't do speed
don't do crack, don't do coke, i do smoke weed (uh-huh)
don't do smack, i do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup)
i just wanna make a few things clear
my baby mama's not dead, she's still alive and bitching
and i don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin'
it's not syphilis, and as for being aids-infested
i don't know yet, i'm too scared to get tested

i got mushrooms, i got acid, i got tabs and aspirin tablets
i'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free
you know me, i'm your friend when you need a mini thin
(i'm slim shady, shady, shady, shady) i'm shady


i told you i was shady (yup)
y'all didn't wanna believe me (mm-mm, mm-mm)
i'm shady
and that's my name

yo, yo, i'll start it off, yo, yo
my name is shady, his name is proof (yeah)
yo, we used to have a roof up on my house
and now we had a mouse that ate the cheese out of the fridge
didn't want to admit that i was on welfare when i was three
plus, when i was four, my mother used to leave
she used to always slam the door and say
"goodbye, goodbye, marshall, i'm leaving, i'm single
and right now i'm going to mingle at bingo"
yeah, "see you later, alligator," is what she said
then i would always stay at house, freezin' till i'm dead
'cause it was cold inside that house, we never had no heat
yo, proof used to come, walkin' up right up the street (yeah)
and be like, "yo, what up, em? how you doin'?"
i used be like, "yeah, man, it's good to see you, dawg
but my life's ruined, 'cause my mom just left" (true)
she left my brother nate and i hate
the fact that we never had no food on our plate
so then proof said, "what up, em?"
yo, so i said, "proof, won't you come in?"


what up? ha-ha, i come in, like ha-ha, i'm ill like nah-nah
and y'all don't wanna see me 'cause i'm ill with the skill (yeah)
and i can grill and i always keep it real
when i build my garage back after it just got burnt down (yeah)
sorry that my parents weren't always around (yeah)
but it was really hectic growin' up, but now i'm blowin' up
so it don't matter, every show i do, i'm always showin' up
to the club drunk as hell, drunk as fuck, drunk as what?
can't say that on mtv, but remember little old wimpy me
who used to always dream to be on mtv?
now you can't see me– (yeah)
i know you remember that rhyme
ayy, wait a minute, yo, check it out, i'm 'bout to flatline
pass the mic back to proof
'cause we get loose, we drink gin and juice
sip it 'cause we always raise the roof


i'm down like a battle axe, i got a fatter axe to smash
and i smash your cataracts
'cause of cadillac's that i be drivin'
when i be high off fuckin' vivarin
now you can't see me 'cause i'm revivin' and survivin'
in the d, every single day in detroit
if rappers wanna step to me, they better get to the point
'cause they don't understand the way that i do it (yeah)
the fluid that i be spittin' is never written
'cause i'm always, always bitten, 'cause it—


ah, ayo, we make your neck crack like a snare pop
we're fresh and they're not
so give it up, don't even do this
you're wack, in fact you get flat-lined
you need practice, we stick you like a cactus
nah, you're not a guy, you're an actress
the fact is—


here's my address, this is my old address on called–
street called "dresden"
yo, dead presidents is what i'm resurrectin'
gotta say "what's up?" to desmond and jlb (yeah)
but yo, they don't help me
do a thing, they never did
when i was a clever kid, rhymin'
i always used to go to school and climb in (ayo)
the back baseball diamond


abort, hold up!
hurt shoulder, peace for kurt loder
yeah, for doin' an interview
in a minute or two we gon' enter in you


in the nude, when we intrude
don't mean to be rude
but, yo, what's up, dude? (dude?)
how you doin', mtv? how you doin', kurt?
how you doin' everybody else in the world?
you're gettin' hurt by this freestyle
that i be comin' up with, eruptin'
and kick your mother in the tummy
and in the stomach
ayo, ayo, and all this we just done is freestyle
ah, ah, ah, don't touch that dial, yeah


hold it right there, i'm your worst nightmare
wipin' diapers on my high chair (what? yeah!)
when i was this big
now i'm still bigger, but i'm skinny like a twig
skinny little white boy
growin' up i liked noise
i spike punch and light joints, haha


and all them wack mc's steppin' to me at saint andrews
just remember that i hate you, and yo, i can't stand you (yeah)
bye-bye! (bye-bye) goodbye, good night!
bye-bye (bye-bye), good night!
bye-bye, good night! (bye-bye)

i never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
i never meant to bring you to my world
but now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
and now it's my fault, my fault
i never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
i never meant to bring you to my world
but now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
and now it's my fault, my fault


i went to john's rave with ron and dave
and met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
a nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date (ooh)
susan, an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin'
who love booze and alternative music (what up?)
told me she was going back into usin' again (nah)
i said, "wait, first try this hallucinogen
it's better than heroin, henn, the booze and the gin
c'mere, let's go in here, who's in the den?"
"it's me and kelly!"
"my bad" (sorry)
"let's try another room"
"i don't trust you"
"shut up, slut, chew up this mushroom
this'll help you get in touch with your roots
we'll get barefoot, butt-naked, and run in the woods"
"oh hell, i might as well try 'em, this party is so drab"
"oh dag" (mmm)
"i ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag"
"huh?"


i never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
i never meant to bring you to my world
but now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
and now it's my fault, my fault (i'm sorry)
i never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
i never meant to bring you to my world
but now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
and now it's my fault, my fault


"yo, sue"
"get away from me, i don't know you"
"oh shoot, she's trippin'"
"i need to go puke" (blehh)
"i wasn't tryna turn this into somethin' major
i just wanted to make you appreciate nature
susan, stop crying, i don't hate ya
the world's not against you, i'm sorry your father raped ya
so what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth?
that ain't no reason to start wiggin' and spaz out (nah)"
she said, "help me, i think i'm havin' a seizure"
i said, "i'm high too, bitch, quit grabbin' my t-shirt (let go)
would you calm down? you're startin' to scare me"
she said, "i'm 26 years old and i'm not married
i don't even have any kids and i can't cook"
"(hello) i'm over here, sue (hi)
you're talking to the plant, look
we need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
'cause i never seen no one eat as many 'shrooms as you ate"


i never meant to give you mushrooms, girl (whoops)
i never meant to bring you to my world
but now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
and now it's my fault, my fault (it's an accident)
i never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
i never meant to bring you to my world
but now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
and now it's my fault, my fault


"susan, wait, where you goin'? you better be careful"
"leave me alone, dad, i'm sick of gettin' my hair pulled"
"i'm not your dad, quit trying to swallow your tongue
want some gum? put down the scissors
'fore you do something dumb
i'll be right back, just chill, baby, please?
i gotta go find dave, he's the one who gave me these
(i'ma kill him)
john, where's dave at? before i bash you"
"he's in the bathroom, i think he's takin' a crap, dude"
"dave, pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
there's a girl upstairs talking to plants, choppin' her hair off
and there's only two days left of spring break
how long do these things take to wear off?"
"well, it depends on how many you had"
"i took three, she ate the other 22 caps
now she's upstairs cryin' out her eyeballs, drinking lysol"
"she's gonna die, dude"
"i know and it's my fault"
"oh my god"


i never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
i never meant to bring you to my world (i'm sorry)
but now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
and now it's my fault, my fault (what do i do?)
i never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
i never meant to bring you to my world
but now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
and now it's my fault, my fault


my god, i'm so sorry, i'm so sorry
susan, please wake up, please
please wake up, what are you doing?!
you're not dead, you're not dead
i know you're not dead
wake up, susan, wake up
oh my god

hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? (excuse me) my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
(can i have the attention of the class for one second?)
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady


hi, kids, do you like violence? (yeah, yeah, yeah)
wanna see me stick nine-inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (uh-huh)
wanna copy me and do exactly like i did? (yeah, yeah)
try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (huh?)
my brain's dead weight, i'm tryna get my head straight
but i can't figure out which spice girl i want to impregnate (oh)
and dr. dre said, "slim shady, you a basehead" (uh-uh)
"then why's your face red? man, you wasted"
well, since age 12, i felt like i'm someone else
'cause i hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
got pissed off and ripped pamela lee's tits off
and smacked her so hard i knocked her clothes backwards like kris kross
i smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
come here, slut; "shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
i don't give a fuck, god sent me to piss the world off


hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady


my english teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (shh)
thanks a lot, next semester i'll be 35
i smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
and stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (ow)
walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship while they're screaming at me, "let's just be friends"
99 percent of my life, i was lied to
i just found out my mom does more dope than i do (damn)
i told her i'd grow up to be a famous rapper
make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her
(oh, thank you)
you know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screamin' usher fans
(ahh, ahh, ahh)
this guy at white castle asked for my autograph (dude, can i get your autograph?)
so i signed it, "dear dave, thanks for the support, asshole"


hi, my name is, huh? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady


stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (get him)
dr. dre, don't just stand there, operate
i'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (fuck that)
i'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(huh, yup)
am i comin' or goin'? i can barely decide
i just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (go ahead)
all my life i was very deprived
i ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (whoops)
clothes ripped like the incredible hulk
i spit when i talk, i'll fuck anything that walks (come here)
when i was little, i used to get so hungry i would throw fits
how you gonna breastfeed me, mom? you ain't got no tits
i lay awake and strap myself in the bed
with a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (bang)
'cause i'm steamin' mad (grr)
and by the way, when you see my dad (yeah?)
tell him that i slit his throat in this dream i had


hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, who? my name is, huh?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady

hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? (excuse me) my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
(can i have the attention of the class for one second?)
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady


hi, kids, do you like violence? (yeah, yeah, yeah)
wanna see me stick nine-inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (uh-huh)
wanna copy me and do exactly like i did? (yeah, yeah)
try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (huh?)
my brain's dead weight, i'm tryna get my head straight
but i can't figure out which spice girl i want to impregnate (oh)
and dr. dre said, "slim shady, you a basehead" (uh-uh)
"then why's your face red? man, you wasted"
well, since age 12, i felt like i'm someone else
'cause i hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
got pissed off and ripped pamela lee's tits off
and smacked her so hard i knocked her clothes backwards like kris kross
i smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
come here, slut; "shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
i don't give a fuck, god sent me to piss the world off


hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady


my english teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (shh)
thanks a lot, next semester i'll be 35
i smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
and stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (ow)
walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship while they're screaming at me, "let's just be friends"
99 percent of my life, i was lied to
i just found out my mom does more dope than i do (damn)
i told her i'd grow up to be a famous rapper
make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her
(oh, thank you)
you know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screamin' usher fans
(ahh, ahh, ahh)
this guy at white castle asked for my autograph (dude, can i get your autograph?)
so i signed it, "dear dave, thanks for the support, asshole"


hi, my name is, huh? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady


stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (get him)
dr. dre, don't just stand there, operate
i'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (fuck that)
i'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(huh, yup)
am i comin' or goin'? i can barely decide
i just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (go ahead)
all my life i was very deprived
i ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (whoops)
clothes ripped like the incredible hulk
i spit when i talk, i'll fuck anything that walks (come here)
when i was little, i used to get so hungry i would throw fits
how you gonna breastfeed me, mom? you ain't got no tits
i lay awake and strap myself in the bed
with a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (bang)
'cause i'm steamin' mad (grr)
and by the way, when you see my dad (yeah?)
tell him that i slit his throat in this dream i had


hi, my name is, what? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, what?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, who? my name is, huh?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady
hi, my name is, huh? my name is, who?
my name is, chka-chka, slim shady

ayo, this song is dedicated
to all the happy people
all the happy people who have real nice lives
and have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck

i feel like i'm walkin' a tight rope without a circus net
poppin' percocet, i'm a nervous wreck
i deserve respect but i work a sweat for this worthless check
i'm 'bout to burst this tec at somebody to reverse this debt
minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
full of venom and rage, 'specially when i'm engaged
and my daughter's down to her last diaper, it's got my ass hyper
i pray that god answers, maybe i'll ask nicer
watchin' ballers while they flossin' in they pathfinders
these overnight stars becomin' autograph-signers
we all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
along with the small fries and average half-pinters
but player-haters turnin' bitch like they have vaginas
'cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
money'll brainwash you and leave yo' ass mindless
them snakes slither in the grass, spineless


that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

my life is full of empty promises and broken dreams
i'm hopin' things look up, but there ain't no job openings
i feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished
livin' in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
and i'm sick of workin' dead-end jobs with lame pay
and i'm tired of bein' hired and fired the same day
but fuck it, if you know the rules to the game, play
'cause when we die, we know we all goin' the same way
'cause it's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan
when all you need is bucks to be the man, plus a luxury sedan
or comfortable and roomy in a 6
but they threw me in the mix with all these gloomy lunatics
who walk around depressed, and smoke a pound of cess a day
and yesterday went by so quick, it seems like it was just today
my daughter wants to throw the ball, but i'm too stressed to play
live half my life and throw the rest away


that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

there's people that love me and people that hate me (yup)
but it's the evil that made me
this backstabbin', deceitful and shady (mhm)
i want the money, the women, the fortune and fame
that means i end up burnin' in hell, scorchin' in flame
that means i'm stealin' your checkbook and forgin' your name
this lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
'cause right now, i feel like i've just hit the rock bottom
i've got problems, now everybody on my block's got 'em (duh)
i'm screamin' like them two cops when 2pac shot 'em
holdin' two glocks, hope your doors got new locks on 'em
my daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em
and them rings you wearin' look like they got a few rocks on 'em
and while you flaunt 'em
i could be takin' 'em to shops to pawn 'em
i got a couple of rings and a brand-new watch, you want 'em?
'cause i ain't never went gold off one song
i'm runnin' up on someone's lawn with guns drawn


that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
that's rock bottom

okay, i'm going to attempt to drown myself
you can try this at home
you can be just like me
mic check, one-two, we recordin'?


i'm cancerous, so when i diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this
if you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for canibus
i'll strangle you to death, then i'll choke you again
and break your fuckin' legs 'til your bones poke through your skin
you beef with me, i'ma even the score equally
take you on jerry springer and beat your ass legally
i get too blunted off of funny home grown
'cause when i smoke out, i hit the trees harder than sonny bono
(oh no) so if i said i never did drugs
that would mean i lie and get fucked more than the president does
hilary clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
i ripped her fuckin' tonsils out and fed her sherbet (bitch)
my nerves hurt, and lately i'm on edge
grabbed vanilla ice and ripped out (c'mere) his blond dreads (fuck you)
every girl i ever went out with has gone les'
follow me and do exactly what the song says
smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
and drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
i'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
so i'm dumb enough to ask for a date with lauryn hill
some people only see that i'm white, ignorin' skill
'cause i stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
but i don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
how the fuck can i be white? i don't even exist
i get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
my middle finger won't go down, how do i wave?
and this is how i'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?


now, follow me and do exactly what you see
don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
i slap women and eat shrooms, then od
now, don't you want to grow up to be just like me?


me and marcus allen went over to see nicole
when we heard a knock at the door, must've been ron gold
jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
killed them both, then smeared blood on the white bronco
(we did it) my mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
i slapped garth brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
i'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
that'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
my rap style's warped, i'm runnin' out the morgue
with your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
jumped in a chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
and beat up foghorn leghorn with an acorn
i'm 'bout as normal as norman bates with deformative traits
a premature birth that was four minutes late
mother, are you there? i love you
i never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel (that shovel)
will someone please explain to my brain
that i just severed the main vein with a chainsaw and i'm in pain?
i take a breather and sigh, either i'm high or i'm nuts
'cause if you ain't tiltin' this room, neither am i
so when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass
then it probably is obvious i got it on with her
'cause when i drop this solo shit, it's over with
i bought cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it


i came to the club drunk with a fake id
don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
i've been with ten women who got hiv
now, don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
i got genital warts and it burns when i pee
don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
i tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
you probably wanna grow up to be just like me

a lot of people ask me, am i afraid of death?
hell yeah, i'm afraid of death
i don't want to die yet
a lot of people think that i worship the devil
that i do all types of retarded shit
look, i can't change the way i think
and i can't change the way i am
but if i offended you, good
'cause i still don't give a fuck


i'm zonin' off of one joint, stoppin' the limo
hopped in the window, shoppin' a demo at gunpoint
a lyricist without a clue, what year is this?
fuck a needle, here's a sword, body pierce with this
livin' amuck, never givin' a fuck
give me the keys, i'm drunk, and i've never driven a truck
but i smoke dope in the cab
i'll stab you with the sharpest knife i can grab
come back the next week and re-open your scab (yeah)
a killer instinct runs in the blood
emptyin' full clips and buryin' guns in the mud
i've calmed down now, i was heavy once into drugs
i could walk around straight for two months with a buzz
my brain's gone, my soul's worn, my spirit is torn
the rest of my body's still bein' operated on
i'm ducked the fuck down while i'm writin' this rhyme
'cause i'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin' this time


for all the weed that i've smoked, yo, this blunt's for you
to all the people i've offended, yeah, fuck you too
to all the friends i used to have, i miss my past
but the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass
for all the drugs that i've done, yo, i'm still gon' do
to all the people i've offended, yeah, fuck you too
for every time i reminisce, yo, i miss my past
but i still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass


i walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
and cut you so fast, when your blood spilled, it was still blue
i'll hang you 'til you dangle, and chain you with both ankles
and pull you apart from both angles
i wanna crush your skull 'til your brains leak out of your veins
and bust open like broken water mains
so tell saddam not to bother with makin' another bomb
'cause i'm crushin' the whole world in my palm
got your girl on my arm, and i'm armed with a firearm
so big my entire arm is a giant firebomb
buy your mom a shirt with a slim shady iron-on
and the pants to match ("here, momma, try 'em on")
i get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives
a brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives
(shittin' on rappers) causing hospital accidents
god help me, before i commit some irresponsible acts again


for all the weed that i've smoked, yo, this blunt's for you
to all the people i've offended, yeah, fuck you too
for all the friends i used to have, i miss my past
but the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass
for all the drugs that i've done, yo, i'm still gon' do
to all the people i've offended, yeah, fuck you too
for every time i reminisce, yo, i miss my past
but i still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass


i wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it
spent a million a track and went over my budget (oh shit)
now, how in the fuck am i supposed to get out of debt?
i can't rap anymore, i just murdered the alphabet
drug sickness got me doin' some bugged twitches
i'm withdrawin' from crack so bad my blood itches
i don't rap to get the women, fuck bitches
give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes
never ran with a clique, i'm a posse
kamikaze, strappin' a motherfuckin' bomb across me
from the second i was born, my momma lost me
i'm a cross between manson, esham and ozzy
i don't know why the fuck i'm here in the first place
my worst day on this earth was my first birthday
retarded? what did that nurse say?
brain damage? fuck, i was born durin' an earthquake


for all the weed that i've smoked, yo, this blunt's for you
to all the people i've offended, yeah, fuck you too
to all the friends i used to have, yo, i miss my past
but the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass
for all the drugs that i've done, yo, i'm still gon' do
to all the people i've offended, yeah, fuck you too
for every time i reminisce, i miss my past
but i still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass
