
now what you know about a sweet mc from the 313?
none of these skills you 'bout to see come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc? you gotta become me
if you ever wanna be one, see?
man, what you know about a sweet mc in the 313?
none of these skills you're 'bout to see come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc? you better become me
if you ever wanna be one, see?


so what you know about a sweet mc in the 313?
none of these skills you 'bout to see come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc? you better become me
if you ever wanna be one, see?
now what you know about a sweet mc in the 313?
none of these skills you 'bout to see come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc? you better become me
if you ever wanna be one, see?

look, so what you know about a sweet mc in the 313?
you don't know shit so when you see one, flee
you can be run-d, you'll never be the mc
i stopped the alphabet at s and got it down to a t
i'm sure you're bound to agree, a sweet mc crash the spot
i make the roof hot like i was rock master scott
your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
i'll run your brain around the block to jog your fuckin' memory
it's either them or me, man, kill or be killed
your will'll be sealed, your casket closed, you still'd be billed
my facility's filled with fans packed to capacity
i'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty (ha)
if he's actin' soft and he cowers
he better come cleaner than jeru jackin' off when he showers
you flowers got no clout with a thing
you could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
i shout with a slang simple as abc's
skip over the d's and rock the microphone with ease
dethrone mcs and i'ma max alone
relax your dome, like a solo from a saxophone
so facts are known, biters get treated with shots
i rock a beat harder than you could beat it with rocks
i'm greeted with flocks of fellow followers' singers
you couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their fingers
but you can bring yours, let's see what you got
but don't front, and never try to be what you're not
'cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
and fuck jill on a hill, but you still ain't jack


now what you know about a sweet mc from the 313?
none of these skills that you just seen come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc? you'll never become me
so you ain't never gonna be one, see?
so what you know about a sweet mc in the 313?
none of these skills that you just seen come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc? you'll never become me
so you ain't never gonna be one, see?

there's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward
his face is up on the bulletin board with a reward
he'll stab you with a sword, don't be fooled by his charm
he's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm
ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair
check at your girl's house, he was last seen there
he has a mean stare but usually cracks jokes
good luck on your mission and guard your backs, folks


we got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed
suited up head to toe in detective uniforms
our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors
lockin' down every block and put up metal detectors
protect yours and be sure that you stand close
watch each other's backs and guard your command post
and most of all, be advised that he's wise
he could be disguised as one of your very own guys


i'm on a solo mission to find him personally
to settle the score and to beat him unmercifully
for what he first did to me, it's sure to be the last
followin' footprints with a magnifyin' glass
to drag his lyin' ass back to his padded cell
i'm mad as hell, on the trail of this tattle tail
i heard a yell, the voice sounded familiar
"give me your girlfriend, or i'm gonna kill ya!"


i followed the voice that led down a flight of steps
sneezin' at dust and swingin' at the spider webs
inside the depths of his basement
i taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place went
i saw my life flash in front of my eyes
i felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs
none of my guys knew where i'm at, i was doomed
then i remembered the flashlight in my costume


dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing i learned
they're only powerful when you got your back turned
i yearned for the day that we finally met again
so i can give him a taste of his own medicine
he shed his skin, then he promised to come clean
i took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen
cuffed him at the scene, then dragged the fella home
beating him over the head with the telephone



aw, yeah (it's like this, like this)
it's eminem, baby
back up in that motherfuckin' ass
('til forever, 'til forever)
one time for your motherfuckin' mind (for mcs, mcs)
we represent the 313—you know what i’m sayin'?
yo, they don’t know shit about this, for the '96


ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
to get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action
a brainiac, in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction
you look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks runs
my rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills
i travel through your mind and chill your spine like siren drills
i'm slimin' grills of roaches with spray that disinfects
and twistin' necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects
put this in decks and check the monologue, turn your system up
twist 'em up and indulge in the marijuana smog
this is the season for noise pollution contamination
examination of more car-tunes than animation
my lamination of nar-er-ration, hits a snare and bass
on a track for duck rapper interrogation
when i declare invasion, there ain't no time to be starin' gazin'
i turn the stage into a barren wasteland
i'm infinite


you heard of hell, well, i was sent from it
i went to it, servin' a sentence for murderin' instruments
now i'm tryin' to repent from it, but when i hear the beat
i'm tempted to make another attempt at it
i'm infinite


bust it, i let the beat commence
so i can beat the sense in your elite defense
i got some meat to mince
some fruit to stomp, and then two feet to rinse
i greet the gents and ladies, i spoil loyal fans
i foil plans and leave fluids leakin' like oil pans
my coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
one thought in my cerebral is deeper than a jeep-full of people
mcs are feeble, i came to cause some pandemonium
battle a band of phony mcs and stand the lonely one
imitator intimidator, stimulator
simulator of data, eliminator
there's never been a greater since the burial of jesus
fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
my thesis'll smash a stereo to pieces
my acappella releases classic masterpieces, through telekinesis
it eases you mentally, gently
sentimentally, instrumentally
with entity, dementedly meant to be infinite


you heard of hell, well, i was sent from it
i went to it, servin' a sentence for murderin' instruments
now i'm tryin' to repent from it, but when i hear the beat
i'm tempted to make another attempt at it
i'm infinite


man, i got evidence, i'm never dense
and i've been clever ever since
my residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the mo
so i'm assumin' all responsibility
'cause there's a monster real in me that always wants to kill mcs
mic nestler, slammin' like a wrestler
here to make a mess of a lyric-smugglin' embezzler
no one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical
i get cynical, act a fool then i send a crew back to school
i never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
i'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy
in fact, i can't see, or can't imagine
a man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratchin'
so this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo
on my last jam plus the man who never had a plan b
be all you can be
‘cause once you make an instant hit, i'm tensed a bit
and tempted when i see the sins my friends commit
i'm infinite


you heard of hell, well, i was sent from it
i went to it, servin' a sentence for murderin' instruments
now i'm tryin' to repent from it, but when i hear the beat
i'm tempted to make another attempt at it
i'm infinite
you heard of hell, well, i was sent from it
i went to it, servin' a sentence for murderin' instruments
now i'm tryin' to repent from it, but when i hear the beat
i'm tempted to make another attempt at it
i'm infinite



check it out!
hey, kyu!


one day i plan to be a family man, happily married
i want to grow to be so old that i have to be carried
'til i'm glad to be buried and leave this crazy world
and have at least a half a million for my baby girl
it may be early to be plannin' this stuff
'cause i'm still strugglin', hard to be the man, and it's tough
'cause man, it's been rough, but still i manage enough
i've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed, my hands have been cuffed
but i don't panic and huff, frantic and puff, or plan to give up
the minute shit hits the fan and erupts
i'm antein' up, double or nothin'
i've been troubled enough and i'm sick of strugglin' and sufferin'
see, my destiny's to rest in ease
'til i'm impressed and pleased with my progress i won't settle for less than cheese
i'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
way before my baby is able to crawl
i'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
to know i hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
i see the golden gates to heaven on earth
where they don't pull a weapon on you when you're steppin' on turf, kyu


i'm goin' for broke, gamblin' and playin' for keeps
every day in the streets, scramblin' and payin' for cheap
prayin' for sleep, dreamin' with a waterin' mouth
wishin' for a better life for my daughter and spouse
in this slaughterin' house
caught up in bouts with the root of all evil
i've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
and make 'em do shit illegal for these grants and jacksons
these transactions explain a man's actions
but in the midst of this insanity, i found my christianity
through god and there's a wish he granted me
he showed me how to cope with the stress
and hope for the best, instead of mopin' depressed
always gropin' a mess or flyin' over the nest
to sellin' dope with the rest
i quit smokin' cess to open my chest
life is stressful inside this cesspool
tryin' to wrestle, i almost bust a blood vessel
my little brother's tryin' to learn his mathematics
he's asthmatic, runnin' home from school away from crack addicts
kids attract static, children with automatics
takin' target practice on teens for starter jackets
i'm usin' smarter tactics to overcome this slum
i won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
it's cumbersome, i'm tryin' to do well on this earth
but it's been hell on this earth since i fell on this earth



jealous!
jealous!
jealous!
jealous!
jealous!
jealous!
jealous!
jealous!

jealous?
what he mean "jealous"? you know what i'm sayin'?
he just mad 'cause he all with them ugly hoes, know what i'm sayin'?
girls don't buy him no clothes, he bought that ho some clothes!
he don't buy me no clothes, and they ain't got no money
no vibe, no dick, i mean, what do i got to be jealous fo'?
he ain't gonna make it nowhere
he ain't got no type of time, he has no career move, i mean—


i come home every single day from workin' double shifts
and stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts
i come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me
then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously
again you frisk me, for numbers, tryin' to bust me
it must be only just because you never learned to trust me
plus we only squabble over irrelevant issues
too many tissues for my feelings you misuse
i buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me
i bring you diamond rings, you say i'm bad at timin' things
so what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me?
you act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me
i used to love your company, now you're always pumpin' me
for information, and you tell your friends you plan on dumpin' me
so i'ma wait for your evacuation
'cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in
see, i've never been so sure, and you're just insecure
so my solution to your jealousy presents a cure
i recommend you take your things and check 'em in
look at the nervous wreck i'm in, i need my second wind
say what?—


jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)


fuck you and what you goin' through!
fuck eminem! he's mad 'cause i left that nigga for another man
to me, eminem don't mean nothin' but minus money
immature, me? nigga, ain't got no dick
no swang in his thang, know what i'm sayin'?
he just mad 'cause i'm gettin' it all night, jealous of me
know what i'm sayin'? that's what i'm talkin' about
motherfucker just clock in this pussy, pfft


i used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments
i used to be intoxicated with your sweet scents
until the day i started followin' your feetprints
and tappin' in your phone conversations through the heat vents
it made complete sense: there's someone else you like
so i confronted you and asked you, "who was mike?" and you was like
"i need a new nigga! someone rich that i could follow
and you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow!"
leavin' me in sorrow, brandy never felt so brokenhearted
i fell apart when you departed, then the jokin' started
i was an open target, you play comedian
and i became the laughingstock, but now, i'm on my feet again
and so, we meet again, you're actin' like an ex-wife
all in my sex life, i got a message from phife
it goes, "you didn't want me to see yo' hon, don't want me now
take the towel, wipe your brow!" quit tryin' to hunt me down!
you run me down and now you're tryin' to apologize
for all the lies and every time you made me bawl my eyes
because i got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it
jealousy is in the house, y'all— fellas, sing it!


jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)
jealous! (oh, jealousy, jealousy!)


jealous!
jealous!
jealous!

denaun, what up, man?
what up, dawg?
you all right?
chillin', it's cold as hell
yes, it is, hey, bus didn't come here, did it?
no, hey look, you got fifteen cent?
nah, i got just enough to get on the bus, i'm broke
we gotta go to the store right quick, man, 'cause i'm short
yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
nah, look
you should just–, how much you got there?
i only got seventy-five (and i mean–)
and you know what i'm sayin'?
i got a dollar, you know what i mean?
just throw it in there, they ain't gonna know
you know what? (c'mon)
ayy, look, i'm sick of takin' this damn bus everywhere, man
you gotta make some moves or somethin'
i know, look, i'm tryna get rich
i got a baby on the way, i ain't even got a car
you know what i'm sayin'?
i'm still stayin' with my moms, man
twenty-one stayin' in my old crib, you know what i'm sayin'?
yeah, look, hey, we gotta make some hit records or somethin'
you know what i'm sayin'? (i'm ready)
'cause i'm tired of bein' broke


'cause all i do is yearn a life without a concern
and dream of havin' a turn to earn money to burn
mappin' out my strategies to get rich, huh
my desire's like a scratch that needs to get itched, huh
'cause, man, i live in the d, this shit ain't given for free
nothin's different to me, so what else is there to see?
i'll be the prisoner to flee from all of this misery
i'm not wishin' to be another fish in the sea
but just an mc, so listen to me for this and agree
you're missin' the key, you ain't even in the vicinity
unconditionally, my aspects to cash checks
my objects were never to swab decks
it's up to you, the decision is yours
if what you vision is tours or a mission-less course
when your shit is in the stores, 'cause you can be a star


no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?
'cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?
'cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?


you know what i'm sayin'? see what i'm talkin' about, man?
it's that simple, yeah
a million dollars ain't even that far away, really
you know we got to get the money, mani can't be broke for the rest of my life, man
yeah, i hear what you're sayin'
look, there's gotta be somethin' better, you know what i'm sayin'?
i can't live like this for the rest of my life, man
bummin' rides everywhere i go, yeah
what's up with lexuses and land cruisers? haha


ayo, i'm not about to chance it and dismiss handlin' business
i'm cancelin' christmas to gamble and risk this
financial interest is the matter at hand
i got an adequate plan for a stab at a grand
i grab what i can and do what i must
pursue what i lust, it's true that i just choose a few that i trust
them's the people that i still got
fuck with gangsta philpot, get your grill shot
the 5 ela for life: my man thyme
proof, kyu and denaun, we move through in the nine
my crew's true and divine, we never fronted
we just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
instead of hunted or bein' wanted like fugitives
it's all about a man plannin' what his future is
what he can do for his, to be a star


no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?
'cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?
'cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?


that's what i'm talkin' about
i'm not tryna be the player, i'm tryna be the mayor, haha
i want to be president, yo man, forget bein' president, man
i'm tryna be king, makin' dead presidents
you know what i'm sayin'? (yeah)
gettin' money any time i want, ownin' my own businesses and all that
you know what i'm sayin'? yeah, i'm tryna be a millionaire, baby
hahaha, it's all on you though
you only live once, '96, baby

hey yo, what's up, man?
hey yo, you been here all day, man
y'all been here every weekend, man
i don't ever get a chance to rap first, man!
that's 'cause you wack!
what?!? i ain't wack, nigga, i got some raps for all y'all
nigga, my raps fresh, i'ma bust my raps first
you can bust yours after me if you want to
no, no, man, i'm goin' first
i'm gettin' tired of everybody wantin' to go first, man
you always rap first, i'm rappin'
i don't care what none of y'all say; i'm fresh, i'm fresh


i'll have you taken back to christ when you're sacrificed
the way you're hacked and sliced
when i fill your back with knives
jackin' life's of mc's, now i'm set to launch a plan
for blowin' up the stage with illegal contraband
i stomped your man, so unless you want what he got
you better set the mic down, i'm steamin' like a teapot
i make the d hot, people get in my face and ask
if i wanna battle, then i chase them in a jason mask
it's an amazin' task to battle with success
i never gave a fuck, now i give a fuck less
and win a slug fest, i get physical like physicians
invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
wicked wizardry like a sorcerer, no remorse for ya
when i torture ya throughout the course of my orchestra
so feel the force of my spiritual images
slicin' up an enemy's appendages 'til he hemorrhages
my skin itches every time a rapper recites
and when he's through with his verse, i'm all covered in flea bites
you wanna see fights, i got a match for ya
you couldn't flip shit playin' in toilets with a spatula


you bitches get a hysterectomy disrespectin' me
you wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tec to me
intellectually superior, i'll make the whack wearier
inferior deteriorate like bacteria
materially, killin' serially, clearly you'll see
how much in fear when you hear me you'll be
shiver and shake, quiver and quake
bite a rhyme and feel your jaw get stiffer and ache
wither and break, you slitherin' snake
gibberin' fake, fibber and flake
i'll twist you in a different shape
and toss you in michigan lake for fisherman's sake
if this is a dream, you wish you can wake every diss you can take
personal, we ain't friends tryin' to make amends
if you ain't ever stole a gate, you can take offense
i make intense masterpieces
and smash to pieces your last releases
you pass diseases, that's the reason
i'm showin' you the proper way to
operate a mic, so pass it like a hot potato
i've never been less than clever and fresh
severin' flesh of fools who never impressed ever infest



i'm givin' mad love, i'm snugglin' hugs
strugglin' thugs, smugglin' drugs
jugglin' jobs, guzzlin' jugs
so here's a toast to federal checks
hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
we travel in packs, unravelin' facts
and gravel in cracks to find babblin' max, gafflin' tracks
i grapple an axe for them bafflin' acts
of mysterious stab-in-the-backs who dabble in wax
stealin' my art when i sculpt it
the culprit that stole shit'll end up with his skull split
then i bury the hatchet, i carry the fat shit
butter fingers is here when it's necessary to scratch it
baby, all i wanna do is swallow one or two
smoke a little bit and follow one of you
back home when the party ends
so tonight i'm droppin' naughty hints
to the finest women in the audience


'cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feelin' uptight
'cause we came here to do this tonight
'till the morning light, hope that everyone's feelin' alright
'cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feelin' uptight
'cause we came here to do this tonight
'till the morning light, hope that everyone's feelin' alright


ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandalers
livin' as scandalous as a television evangelist
but i can handle this, i'm the rhyme biter, crime fighter
caped crusader, takin' care of undeservin' limelighters
i think we live an era meant for me
experimentally i found a way to spread the terror mentally
when i stumbled upon this resolution
by usin' a special fusion of chemical solution for this fresh illusion
you couldn't see me with binoculars
i'm armed like an octopus
step on stage and you'll get socked and pushed
talkin' that junk like you had black bart at your back
come to battle me and you get smacked hard as you act
when i rep-a-resent it and will have a referee in it
every minute, so when i win it you never resent it
i'm forever demented
come up with funk, i'll never be scented
you got the point when i cleverly sent it


'cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feelin' uptight
'cause we came here to do this tonight
'till the morning light, hope that everyone's feelin' alright
'cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feelin' uptight
'cause we came here to do this tonight
'till the morning light, hope that everyone's feelin' alright


eminem is headed skyward
for those who thought that i would
make you bored and treat you like a piece of plywood
i've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
with the agility to escape a killer bee colony
so get your cameras and capture how miraculous
i rap for all you draculas
and showed you all how wack you was
i meant it as a diss
'cause you don't posses the pizzazz of this
i'm hazardous enough already as it is
without you addin' fuel to the fire, i'm cruel to the liar
who fails to recognize my reign and hail rule to the sire
clinical studies show that i'm cynical
there's no one who's identical
to my fresh and authentic flow
i'm sure the party people can agree
when i'm enchantin' with a romantically
freakin' vocal so frantically
so throw your hands up in the atmosphere
and let them know the only party that was phat was here
just be like


'cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feelin' uptight
'cause we came here to do this tonight
'till the morning light, hope that everyone's feelin' alright
'cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feelin' uptight
'cause we came here to do this tonight
'till the morning light, hope that everyone's feelin' alright
