
you're prolly gonna think that i'm talkin' about you
and you're, goddamn, right, i am
look at you: this is the minimal i could diss you
subliminally, but i think criminal instinct
has pushed me to the brink, "my pussy, does it stink?
he still loves me 'cause he puts me in his ink
he does, doesn't he? still is, isn't he?
now i'm just playin' tug of war with his heart 'cause he misses me
i can still fuck him and leave him whenever i feel frisky
and there's no risk of disease 'cause he ain't with anyone, is he?"
this bitch really thinks she can get me
if she still wants me, drivin' across country
strapped up to the front seat, missin' all her front teeth
thinkin' to herself, "when's the next time he's gonna punch me?"
i told this cunt she's gonna overdo it once
and once she does, she'll be stuffed up in a trunk, crunchy
scrunched up in a ball, bunched up nice and comfy
fuck around, get dumped up in a lake 'fore you dump me
you cunning little cunt, deceitful witch
you thought you had me, 'til my shrink told me this:

i feel like a serial killer, i keep dumpin' bodies in the lake
i'ma get caught and sent up the river
i shiver when i think of the company i keep
how do i know she ain't gonna kill me when i sleep?
i shriek every time she hands me something to drink
sex kept us together, when we slept together, everything
was all better, she made me feel like a king
slowly she began lowering my self-esteem
she'd go to the club and not answer the phone when i call her
and i just bought her a truck for fifty thousand dollars
accuse me of doin' drugs and scream and holla
then i find a bag of coke on her, some marijuana
and all i know is every time i go
to them hidin' spots wherever she hides her blow
them little bags of dope, there was a pile of coke
that's growin' smaller, and that was just a while ago
and i wouldn't even let on like i know
what was i supposed to do, call her out on it? we'd just argue
say she put it there on purpose and flip the whole script
ooh, she's a manipulative evil bitch!
a cunnin' little cunt, little deceitful witch
she thought she had me, 'til my shrink told me this:


me and my crew... yeah—we gots money, baby
i'm talkin' 'bout... i'm talkin' 'bout that long money
when you see us come through, just know—


ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ba-ba-ba-controllably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably


man, i got everything candy-painted, candy-painted tint
it's so dark, i'd be lyin' if i said i ain't hit at least nine of my friends
plus, i got so much candy paint on my rims
paint be flyin' off my car, be candy paintin' the neighborhood kids
i got that whole block lookin' like it's candyland
ask about me, man, they be like, "there go the candy man"
i park the car in the garage and go in and
come back the next mornin', the rims are still spinnin'
hit the doors on that phantom, man, them shits look like the batmobile
thirty-two-inch rims, shit, i ain't even got no wheels
custom-fitted, custom-kitted wood grain
custom everything, what's that on the seat? custom mustard stain
now let's go hit the mall, y'all know that we finna ball
get out the car, they be like, "ah, there go them superstars!"
hit every single store, flash a fuckin' wad of cash
but i ain't buyin' shit, bitch, kiss my candy-painted ass, we—


ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ba-ba-ba-controllably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably (yeah)
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)


hit the corner liquor store to get corona, tip the owners
sipped it on the way out as i dip, i wanna rip the road up
and i'ma hit the cinema and i'ma get the hoes
'cause when i be at a theater, shit, anything goes
i'm ballin' outta control, girls know i'm loaded with dough
but shit, i'm stingy as fuck, i'm fuckin' stingy as hoes
these bitches don't get a crumb
and it cum but i'm like, "what up?"
shut up, bitch! sit up, get up off them knees, my candy paint's enough!
if you're lucky, i'll let you hug me, but that's all you get
then i'ma split, disappear, and a cloud of smoke is all you see


ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ba-ba-ba-controllably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably


bitch, get the fuck out my car if we ain't finna fuck
i'm horny as fuck, bitch, are you suckin' my dick or what?
i'll fuck a chick in the butt, i really don't give a shit
is pretty marshall gonna have to go choke me a bitch?
you fuckin' keyed up my benz? bitch, i beat up my friends
don't think i won't beat a bitch, i'll kick a six-year-old in the ribs
you fuckin' retard, i'll have you suckin' farts out my seat
i'll teach you not to know how to control your bowels when you eat
what the fuck? do you think that colostomy bag is for looks?
i ain't waste nine bullets on you for you to not sing no hooks
i fuckin' take a make-a-wish foundation patient with me
how 'bout some coke inside of your saline solution iv
turn around and use it on me, you tryna snort all my keys
you fuckin' brat, get in back, you're comin' to florida with me
tell your momma i'ma drop you off at the hospital later
we finna make this run, take this gun and cover me, slater
and quit your—


ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ba-ba-ba-controllably
ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably


"tracy, i joined this class 'cause i thought i’d be cooking with a partner
but she's never here, and i don’t get twice the credit for all the work"
"i didn't invent odd numbers, seth"
"i know, but i'm over here in my unit every day, cooking my terrible-tasting food, and then i gotta look over at evan
i mean, look at him, it looks like the most fun i've ever seen in my entire life
and, i'm just saying, i wash and dry, i'm like, a single mother
and no offense, but everyone takes this class to get an a and it's bullshit, but uh, no offense, i'm just saying
and i'm not putting down your profession, but when am i gonna need to cook tiramisu?
am i gonna be a chef? no
there's three weeks left in school, give me a freaking break, sorry for cursing"
"oh my god, that's like the coolest fucking story i've ever heard in my life!
it's insane! can you tell us again? do you have time?
tracy? tracy! can you hear me? i'm in the car right now
listen, i am mclovin, yeah
mclovin in the house! mclovin in the house! yeah!"

ayo, let me tell you about my homies, haha!


my name is chauncey billups, i'm kind of like a raunchy phillips
screwdriver, my crew's liver when you can't sleep and you're still up
i get the ball and i'm like rip, you can't get a grip
you probably got stripped, you wanna rumble, no reason to trip
i grab her like gnarls barkley holds the mic, your snarls spark me
i smile like charles barkley come on i'm hard, guard me
ain't booin', ain't pursuin', no lawsuits, i ain't suin'
i know what i'm doin', give me the ball and your life is ruined
i'm like rasheed, i remind me the spirit of proof
i'm happy and lucky, ballin' and groovin', i'm on the move
i'm smooth with it, give me the ball, you don't know what to do with it
shoot it in the basket, you other teams need a casket
lebron sayin' don't respond, there's no back and forth
this game is mental, man, i play aloud and walk away just to hush the crowd
you trying to touch? sit down


detroit basketball
homie, like i told you, this is detroit basketball
man, i don't think you ready for the–


i get the crowd rolled up like a u-haul truck
just call me 2 ball chuck, ain't too tall what
i'll leave utah stuffed
man, i love this game, who the hell you called up?
you need points on the paint, i'm the joints when they stained
all my coins in the bank and we're going all the way
yeah, baby, it's true, i'm talking to you
you already know what to do
just pass to me, it just so happens to be
that i adapt with this heat so strap in your seat
i got a grasp on this beat, you ain't convinced?
give it to tayshaun prince, we haven't stayed calm since
leave the ball with delayed palm prints


detroit basketball
homie, like i told you, this is detroit basketball
man, i don't think you ready for the–


we get everybody involved, homie
we get everybody involved
i said, we get everybody involved, homie
we get everybody involved
yeah!
aah! i said, aah!
give me the ball
you gotta walk before you crawl
tell me you ain't listenin'
this is detroit basketball, homie
ayo, beam me up, scotty
hahahahahaha!

got my self-esteem back, got my confidence up
i'ma step up on this stage now, i'm gonna strut
and walk around with my pants hangin' off of my butt
and you ain't 'bout to tell me nuttin', boy, get off of my nuts
it goes one for the money, two for the show
my shit don't stink, i don't think so
wipe my ass with the tissue and roll it back up in the roll
are you ready now, here we go, the bald eagle has landed
i'm back in your hair, sorry for leavin' you stranded
i'm twice as dreaded, evil and rancid
they can't sit, i don't think anybody understands it
especially when the world's silly putty in your hands, it's play-doh
i ain't back to play, though, they say he died in a fatal
car crash, shows what they know
shit if i did, it'd be a trailer not a car
the white trash star, i fuck an rv-up like brett favre
homie, you got it backwards, you're dipping your soup inside your crackers
i can carry rap till my back hurts
set it down, go right back to the chiropractors
get my back right then i'm right back on you bastards
i was chasing the dragon, i don't know what happened
it's like the feeling i had when i first started rappin', i just
couldn't seem to get back and recapture that magic, so i went back
to the lab, that's where i been at, when


i took a hiatus, haters, now i'm back to cause trouble
got the fuckin' shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles, i'm the *explosion*
you ain't fucking sick, the hospital
won't even give you cough drops for coughs, cocksucker
you think you hot? you ain't even lukewarm
my puke's hotter than you
you're soft, i use fire to cool me off
i told 'em i'd grow up one day and show 'em i'd be able to choke clouds
pick up lightning bolts and throw 'em
take the world by storm with these words i form
georgi-porgi kissed the girls, make the girls cry for it
make 'em swarm, make 'em fight over the shirts i've worn
swoon over my sweat towels, it's mind blowin'
yes, i'm livin' the dream, homie, can't nothing compare
i’m so up, i’m stuck in midair, i’m lovin' it, yeah
it's like these people are steps now, all they do is stare
these haters are so pussy, they afraid to be scared
this is pay back, like i owe 'em back pay
they spat in my face, now i'm back to do them the same exact way
and leave this rap game with a bad taste
and slap it back out before i step back outta this crap, they
slap me, now i'm slappin' 'em back, hey
fuck it, we're slap happy, yeah, okay, now i'm talking some smack, ayy
and i ain't looking back, in fact, they can stare at my ass crack
how's that for hind sight? what the track say?



and i’m willing to mow your grass (yeah)
but i specialize in eating mc's (ha-ha)
in the immortal words of ll cool j
as he would say (i'm a g.o.a.t.!)
and for those of y'all who don't know what a g.o.a.t. is
it means the greatest of all time
and i consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes


this is the part i was worried about
everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes
and i'm in some dusty garage
inhalin' them carbon monoxide fumes
and everyone's tellin' me what i should do
and how i should come out and what to rap about
and i know that i got a lot up
in my medulla oblongata that i gotta get out
and i'm not sure how this is gonna come off
they're probably gonna think that i'm comin' off as cocky (ha-ha)
like i just started givin' a fuck what you really think about me
see, the thing about me
is you don't really know a thing about me
everyone's makin' a stink about me
like there's some kind of an aura of that of the kin around me
surround me with nothin' but gangsters
killers and bangers and the most dangerous criminals
and i feel like i'm more comfortable around them
than i do my own motherfuckin' neighbors
but see, my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when i leave
but why does it seem like i'm not even put up in the same category as other mc's?
so when weezy says that he's better than jay z
please read that just subliminally
it means he thinks jigga's the best
and that he's the only one up in that league, see
and it's easy just to consider me
one of the greatest white rappers there is
knowin' goddamn well that i'm one of the best motherfuckin' rappers who ever lived, period


i'm a g.o.a.t!
and i don't mean to gloat
but i know what i know and i know what you think
and these magazines'll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a g.o.a.t.?
and for those of y'all who don't know what a g.o.a.t. is
it means the greatest of all time
and i consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes


maybe they figure that i'm on my way out the game
so they gotta go try to find 'em a new eminem or a new shady
if they think it's gonna happen, man, i thought i was crazy
or maybe i could be takin' it wrong
and they're tryna pay homage to me in a strange way
so let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way
see, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bringin' up paul wall's white
‘cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see, he's just aight
and bubba sparxxx, he just won't write
because he's so caught up in that snow white
that timbaland can't even get him in the studio
he's so gone off that coke, right?
and it's so sad ‘cause he's dope, right?
america's next great white hope, right?
so now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny-ass white rapper show, right?
and which i'm still havin' mixed feelings about
they said it'd be real, i'm just spillin' it out
there's somethin' about a white boy talkin' black
and runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth
and i love when they say that tiger woods shit
"isn't it ironic that the best rapper's white
and the best golfer's black?"
and i'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack off of that
but these are the people who never had heard of an eminem until 8 mile had came out
but i had already hit middle america
parents has all got to likin' me now
and suddenly, i wasn't such a bad guy
all of the hatred for me must've died
i thought i committed career suicide
so i had to turn back into the bad guy
so faggoty faggoty faggoty gays
anatomy god made raggedy ann and andy
not raggedy andy and andy and andy
and angelina jolie is just another ho
and brad is a sucka, because once i fuck her
she wants to go to somalia to adopt another baby
you know what i say? — "no."
you better save some of them kids from madonna
she needs all the publicity she can get
you wanted shady, well you got it, man, i ain't apologizin' for shit


i'm a g.o.a.t!
and i don't mean to gloat
but i know what i know and i know what you think
and these magazines'll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a g.o.a.t.?
and for those of y'all who don't know what a g.o.a.t. is
it means the greatest of all time
and i consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes


man, i'm takin' my ball
and goin' home, man, shit is too easy
nobody even wants to pass me the ball 'cause (i'm a g.o.a.t!)
so don't worry, i'm out the motherfuckin' game
and y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best
but y'all know that (i'm a g.o.a.t!)
and like i said, i'm one of the motherfuckin' best
before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch (i'm a g.o.a.t!)
before i go, i'd like to say fuck you very much
to everybody who wasn't there from the start
and thank you very much to everybody who was (i'm a g.o.a.t!)
and y'all ain't gotta say it, just think it
‘cause i know that you know that i know
that you know that i know that (i'm a g.o.a.t!)
haha, i'm out y'all, it's been real-shady!

oh no!
what's happening to my brain?
i can't believe this is happening
again!


lava on my lips i flips, wake up think i have a cramp
i'm trying to shove the lava lamp up my father's ass
i think i'm out of gas, man, i need another mask
i'd ask my mother, but i think she's laughing at the plants
a half a gram of graham crackers and some van de kamp's
i think i'll eat some ambiens like they're candied yams
cut a couple cadavers up and have a little snack
abra-fucking-cadabra, motherfucker, look who's back
just like a pendulum, satan's pentagram swings
i accidentally dented it and bent the damn thing
shit, i think i might have did it when i was dancing
while i was chopping one of my legs off when i pulled a hamstring
first i re-up, then i relapse
go to rehab then i detox after i see doc
and i'll be back with the sequel, repeat the cycle
'cause i react like the she-hulk when i see nyquil


oh no! (oh no!)
here we go again (again)
don't know (don't know)
when it's going to end (when will it- stop?)
uh oh! (uh oh!)
where did it begin? (when did it begin?)
so long ago (so long ago)
maybe way back when (maybe way back when) (relapse!)


into the well, baby jessica fell, she may have wetted herself
quit playing, get her some help
mary kay letourneau was sending me letters from jail
every day in journals, saying how she wanted to smother me in lettuce and mayo
i'm the medicine man, my medical marijuana
was prescribed by a doctor, shove a typewriter up per-
-ez hilton's ass, shit, almost forgot that
he's always shoving something up his ass, so why not that?
and fuck it, while i'm venting, let's shove a vending machine
up his rear end when he's bending over, pretending that he
didn't say anything that would be offending to me
stick his head in a blender, begin blending in g
where should i put the pink sissy with the fluffy hair?
put him under the stairs? people are already under there
hmm, i wonder where... wait, i think the cupboard's bare
stuff him up in the tupperware and shove him up in there


oh no! (oh no!)
here we go again (again)
don't know (don't know)
when it's going to end (when will it- stop?)
uh oh! (uh oh!)
where did it begin? (when did it begin?)
so long ago (so long ago)
maybe way back when (maybe way back when) (relapse!)


vicodin's like a nitrogen hydrogen vitamin
i bite into five and then i get high as a kite again
i like it when i get in my zone on the mic again
who'm i kidding? i couldn't quit this shit if my life depends
i relapsed twice after i came outta brighton then
yeah, rehab's nice, i had my name up in lights again
you see that's why i can't decipher what life i'm in
i might pull a knife on your wife and slice her then dice her then
it sounds so enticing, isn't it nice when i'm hype again?
on nights when i'm like this, no time to write this, just type it in
if i could get my pen to slow down, what'd i write just then?
man, i'm 'bout to hyperventilate, i just have hypertension
i have the type of mental state you couldn't comprehend
unusually stupid of you for you to think i'm your friend
i usually do what i do and suffer no consequence
i offer no mercy, the controversy is once again


oh no! (oh no!)
here we go again (again)
don't know (don't know)
when it's going to end (when will it- stop?)
uh oh! (uh oh!)
where did it begin? (when did it begin?)
so long ago (so long ago)
maybe way back when (maybe way back when) (relapse!)


oh no! (oh no!)

i'm a little nutty and i know it but if you go back and take a look at my history
you will see that i am not the only one who's off his rocker, there were many before me
i was always labeled the black sheep of the family, what a bad seed i'd grow to be
but if you take a look at us now, you'll see the apple didn't fall too far from the tree


ha-ha! (ha-ha, ha-ha, ha-ha, ha-ha...)
alright, look
i'ma tell you the story from my side
maybe you'll understand, check it out


you done witnessed unexplainable shit
too insane to explain, people run from what they just don't get
maybe shady should have just hit 'em with a little bit
did i spit too soon? should i have spoon fed 'em it?
but i was just so eager to prove
i was even worth bein' in the same league or the room
of the people of whom i was in
every now and then, i look up like i was seekin' approval
was it because of the pigment of my skin?
or was it a figment of my imagination? (ha)
maybe it bothered me more than it did them
maybe it wasn't a big deal back then
but to me it was, see what it was
was i had developed a complex from being judged
proof spit his verse, now i'm next, let's see who balks
i'm in the booth starin' back to see whose mugs
i get a reaction from, usually the first thumb
was from proof and the rest of the crew backed him up
and no one lied to each other 'cause none of us had deals
it was real, we just wanted tickets for that meal


sometimes, i feel like it's just me
sometimes, i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
'cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
i said, "sometimes, i feel like it's just me
sometimes, i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
'cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree"


ever since my mother was pregnant with a second egg
'cause she said that i had a baby sister
who fell out of the window, i was too young to remember
kansas city projects, i was like five/six
and how come, i remember malcolm, isaac, and boogy
if it was the projects in missouri?
'cause those were my best friends until isaac
took my tricycle and my uncle todd went to try to go get it back
and ended up gettin' jumped and cut in the gut
with a switch and seventy-some stitches
which is, to this day, why my mother still tries to show me some old fake picture
of a fictitious little sister who never existed
and this is why a part of my life's so twisted
but i can never be as sick as that bitch is
and by the way, that bitch is one of my relatives


sometimes, i feel like it's just me
sometimes, i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
'cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
i said, "sometimes, i feel like it's just me
sometimes, i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
'cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree"


you probably have to peel back layers upon layers of pain
to see why everything i say is so insane
what's different about my brain
that separates me from other players in this game?
on the surface, it may seem like a scheme
or some sort of scam for me to get some damn sympathy
but that's the last thing i need
is for people to walk around feelin' sorry for me
and i am not a g, never claimed to be
i gave my vest to ca$his, let's hope he don't need it more than me
but we'll see, 'cause we ain't lookin' for beef
but if it comes our way, what do we turn the other cheek? come on


sometimes, i feel like it's just me
sometimes, i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
'cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
i said, "sometimes, i feel like it's just me
sometimes, i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
'cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree"


(ha, ha)
yeah, and i'm the crazy one, right?
whatever! then let me be the crazy one!
balalalalalalalalalala (aha-ha-ha)
cuckoo (cuckoo), cuckoo (cuckoo), tweet! (tweet!)
ha-ha

put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange


got a dick as big as a banana
i try to control it, but i guess i can't, it
shoots off like an ak-clip banana
you better watch out, hannah montana
man, what's the matter, have you no manners?
no you know the girl from juno's address
yeah, i'ma probably go to jail for that
now i got the cops on my tail for that
run up on your car with a stale banana
in your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that
it could've been a molotov cocktail for that
wait a minute, man, what the hell was that?
i heard a noise, where you going? what are you, bananas?
you can't go back there, stupid ass
i just seen a woman in a freddy kruger mask
who the fuck are you? superman?
all you have is a little stupid can
of whipped cream, what the hell you gonna do with that?
i'ma put it on my wee-wee, ooh, good answer
super bonanza extravaganza
man, go ahead, what you waiting for?
you better get them clothes off, baby boy
come on, let's go, we're gonna make a porn
ready, set, go hit play, record


put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange


are you ready? you better hold the camera steady
she's probably back there with a damn machete
she's probably gonna eat you like canned spaghetti
she's probably gonna kill you, still wanna check, see
have a little quick look, go on, sick prick
she's probably six foot tall like big foot
the hell with that, we probably should run
don't dare look back, we probably, probably
probably there probably was a problem
at the post office or something
but you probably didn't know that, did ya?
now, what you gonna do when she gets ya?
i ain't going with ya, forget ya
quit tryna hold my hand, mista
pretend she's your little sista, little sista, corny little dicta
might as well take the whipped cream with ya
and when you see her, make sure you get a picture
we could try to make another blair witch, uh, movie
a beastiality porno with smoothies


put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange


it's eerie, but here comes zack and miri
beauty and the beast, his back is hairy
but she don't care, they're attractive, very
very sexually active, very
no, zack, don't go back in there
it's too late now, she's grabbin' hair
he screams, bloody mary, grabs a mirror
but 'stop' just ain't in her vocabulary
get off me, please, get off me, stop
balling back at a coffee shop
they go non-stop, she says go
he says no, she says oh
back and forth, they scream and shout
yeah, boy, let them demons out
it's the kind of nightmare you dream about
uh-oh, now the whipped cream is out
i get sick thoughts, sick, sick, thoughts
things you could do with your lipstick gloss
put it on my dick till the tip looks orange
bitch, keep goin', bitch, keep goin'


put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
put it on my wee-wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange


banana
banana
banana
banana
banana
banana
