
(photoshoot!)
you know, everybody's been tellin' me
what they think about me for the last few months
it's too loud
maybe it's time i tell 'em what i think about them
can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
it's too loud
three's not a crowd all up in it
slow fire

gotta concentrate, against the clock i race
got no time to waste, i'm already late, i got a marathoner's pace
went from addict to a workaholic, word to dr. dre
in that first marijuana tape—guess i got a chronic case (yeah)
and i ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your mama's face
i know this time paul and dre
they won't tell me what not to say (nope!)
and though me and my party days
have all pretty much parted ways
you'd swear to god i forgot i'm the guy that made "not afraid" (yah)
one last time for charlamagne
if my response is late, it's just how long it takes
to hit my fuckin' radar, i'm so far away (woo)
these rappers are like hunger games
one minute, they're mockin' jay (yeah)
next minute, they get their style from migos or they copy drake
maybe i just don't know when to turn around and walk away
but all the hate, i call it walk-on-water-gate
i've had as much as i can tolerate
i'm sick and tired of waitin', i done lost my patience
i can take all of you motherfuckers on at once (yeah!)
you wanted shady? you got him!


don't fall on my face (yeah)
don't fall on my faith, oh
don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!)
don't fall on my faith, oh (rrr!)
don't fall on my fate (ha)


somebody tell budden before i snap, he better fasten it
or have his body bag get zipped
the closest thing he's had to hits is smackin' bitches (pump it up!)
and don't make me have to give it back to akademiks
say this shit is trash again, i'll have you twisted
like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly (yeah)
even when i'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot
lacking with it, "he ain't spittin' like this on his last shit"
ho, you better go back and listen
you know me better, thinkin' i'll slow or let up
call it trap 'cause it's a total setup
hopin' that you rappers fall in that
dre said, "hold your head up!" (huh?)—kathy griffin
stackin' ammunition, slap the clip in, cock it back on competition
this is how i shot ahead (pew)—gabby gifford
my attack is vicious, jack the ripper, back in business
tyler create nothin', i see why you called yourself a ******, bitch
it's not just 'cause you lack attention
it's because you worship d12's balls, you're sack-religious
if you're gonna critique me
you better at least be as good or better
get earl the hooded sweater
whatever his name is to help you put together
some words, more than just two letters
the fans waited for this moment like that feature
when i stole the show (ha), sorry if i took forever (haha)


don't fall on my face (yeah)
don't fall on my faith, oh (i won't)
don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!)
don't fall on my faith, oh (haha)
don't fall on my fate (it's too easy)


just remember, i was here before you
and i'll be here after you make your run-in for you
detractors, i'ma have to fuck pitchfork with a corkscrew (ah!)
just what the doctor ordered
revenge is the best medicine (yeah)
increase the dose, from least to most
and then tell the grammys to go and fuck themselves
they suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches
so they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to mc the show
every parasite needs a host (ha-ha)
then give album of the year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of
all i know is i wrote every single word of everything i ever murdered
time to separate the sheep from goats (yeah)
and i got no faith in your writers, i don't believe in ghosts
when rap needed it most, i was that wing and a prayer (huh)
a beacon of hope, put a b-i-r-d in the air
somewhere some kid is bumpin' this while he lip-syncs in the mirror
that's who i'm doin' it for, the rest i don't really even care
but you would think i'm carryin' a oxford dictionary in my pocket
how i'm buryin' these artists
on a scale of 'turnt' you're 'minus'
mine says 'very', yours says 'hardly'
and what's scary is you prob'ly can compare me to your car 'cause i'm just barely gettin' started (woo)
and far as lord jamar, you better leave me the hell alone
or i'll show you an elvis clone
walk up in this house you own, thrust my pelvic bone
use your telephone and go fetch me the remote
put my feet up and just make myself at home (yeah)
i belong here, clown! don't tell me 'bout the culture!
i inspired the hopsins, the logics, the coles, the
seans, the k-dots, the 5'9"s, and oh
brought the world 50 cent, you did squat, piss and moan
but i'm not gonna fall, bitch! (yeah)



motherfuckers talkin' crazy (yeah)
sayin’ i should quit (ah)
i fuckin' tell 'em make me (bitch)
eat a fuckin’ dick (yeah)
i'm feelin' like the greatest (woo!)
on the beat who ever did it
mike will the one who made it
it's shady on the lyrics


i'm somewhat outlandish they say
you say we're cut from the same cloth
but i guess you fabricate, eh?
you better bring more men than the latter day saints
manic states, stephen paddock with automatic stay sprayin'
at anything that may stand in they way
as i stand at the bay window with a hand grenade
and a trey eight, at the mandalay bay
common sense, i'm a dollar short and a day late
james holmes at the saturday batman matinee
must have missed my cat scan that day (yeah!)
i just threw a tampax at dre
trashcan, tascam and ashtray
i’m turnin’ back to a madman, can't take
anymore but i try to get away from the anger and rage
my basal ganglia’s an a to the k
get your ass sprayed like bidets
breakin' your legs eight different ways, ankle to waist
you chumps don't even know how to do somethin'
to give goosebumps a day when you say
that somethin’ you wrote gave someone a lump in their throat
or you had them choked up, you'd be yankin' my chain (ayy)
feel like i'm headed for the padded cell, the
bar for me when i rap isn't fair but
guess that's the standard i'm held to
but if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya
you set a mark too high when platinum sales are looked at as a failure (yeah)
then you better take it back to the shelter and hamburger helper
'cause, damn it, i'm still the


greatest in the world (yeah!)
greatest in the world (yeah!)
greatest in the world (yeah!)
no lie, i might be
the best to ever do it (yeah!)
the best to ever do it (yeah!)
the best to ever do it (yeah!)
i feel like the greatest (yeah!)
woke up to honkies sounding like me
never be as good (yeah!)
never be as good (yeah!)
(packing up) wife-beaters, white t-shirts, what?
but i'm the greatest


so you sold ten million albums, eh? (what?)
only problem is, you put out ten million albums, eh? (haha! wait)
what was i just about to say?
oh yeah, let me get this out the way
i know there's people that are pissed about the way
i mispronounced a name, "die antwoord!"
fuck, i still can't say this shit, but how quickly they forget
who the fuck i was; now ninja try to duck my slugs
you let ya girl get fucked by muggs
i'd like to give a shout to cypress (woo!)
this can't be real, you dissed me and i was just tryin' to
give you a shout—now get the fuck out my rhyme book
no more shiners, already too much time took
and rappers i hear you talkin' shit
i'm just too big to respond to it
god forbid i forget though, and jump out the window
somebody better child-proof it (yeah)
'cause if i lose it we can rewind to some old ja rule shit
and i can remind motherfuckers how i do shit
you don't got the tools i got in my toolkit (bitch!)
i bullshit you not, y'all fools just forgot
that i'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts
and when i'm hostile and impossible to stop
so you can call it a nostril 'cause it's not gonna ever
i'll never let up on the pedal, might as well get the mop
'cause i'm wipin' up everyone in this genre
'cause on the mic i feel like i'm the


greatest in the world (yeah!)
greatest in the world (yeah!)
greatest in the world (yeah!)
no lie, i might be
the best to ever do it (yeah!)
the best to ever do it (yeah!)
the best to ever do it (yeah!)
i feel like the greatest (yeah!)
woke up to honkies sounding like me
never be as good (yeah!)
never be as good (yeah!)
(packing up) wife-beaters, white t-shirts, what?
but i'm the greatest


oh yeah, and one more thing i want to mention (what?)
is you're one dimension
i'm a monkey wrench and i can flunk detention
and i love contentions, so welcome to the gun convention
muscles flexin', gotta strut like a front suspension (woo)
and you just stuck the key up in the ignition
and gave me enough gas to flood my engine (yeah)
psychopath, michael jack's blowin' up like a raft
i should slap vlad with a isis flag
bet you i come back twice as bad (uh)
revival didn't go viral!
denaun and royce tell me that i should take the high road
fuck that, i'm finna hit back
'til i run out of gunpowder and split the scene (pew)
hold the mic similar to pistol, squeeze
and i shoot from the hip when i grip them things
and my lips are the clips, got the sig lit like it's nicotine
trigger me and slim gets mean (brr!)
bars are like bullets when i spit them schemes
that's why i call the motherfuckers m16s (woo!)
float like a butterfly, i'm gonna sting like a bee
you ain't harmin' a thing
i hit a ding (ding!) hard as i'm gonna swing
i'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling (ow!)
but like a wedding band
you gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring
anomaly, i'm muhammad ali
'cause i knew one day (hey!) i'm gonna be the


greatest in the world (yeah!)
greatest in the world (yeah!)
greatest in the world (yeah!)
no lie, i might be
the best to ever do it (yeah!)
the best to ever do it (yeah!)
the best to ever do it (yeah!)
i feel like the greatest (yeah!)
woke up to honkies sounding like me
never be as good (yeah!)
never be as good (yeah!)
(packing up) wife-beaters, white t-shirts, what?
but i'm the greatest

(fack) okay, (fack) how do i say this? (fack)
last year (fack) didn't work out so well for me (fack)
(fack last year!) (fack) (last year can eat a dick!)
2018, (fack) well (fack)


hah, yeah, i'm a fuckin' kamikaze crashin' into everything
you beat me, islamic nazi, that means there is no such thing
i've been goin' for your jugular since craig g "duck alert"
wedgie in my underwear, the whole bed sheet and the comforter
stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass
i'll ride through your cul-de-sac
window cracked, bumpin' your reference tracks
y-you collaborative effort rap, i-i have never said his raps
o-overstayed my welcome, stepped in crap
and ruined your welcome mat
so spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it (wrote it) (yeah)
while i teabag the microphone 'cause i go nuts on it (on it) (yeah)
like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment
headed right at opponents and i'm the fuckin' pilot that flown it
i'm 'bout to—


smash into everyone, crash into everything
back and i've just begun, "fack" 2017
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
i'm a kamikaze, gonna
smash into everyone, crash like an f-15
damage already done, y'all shoulda let me be
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
i'm a kamikaze, gonna


i turned to rap 'cause it made me feel tough when i wasn't (wasn't)
from the moment i heard rappers cussin', i was in (was in)
which is why i identify with the guy
who i was invented by, dre's frankenstein
energized like a nine volt
ice cold like snake eyes, twice in a row on a dice roll
but if the only reason i blowed is 'cause i'm white though
why don't every other white rapper sell what i sold? (ooh)
kamikaze pilot, i wrote my suicide note
here come the guys in white coats tryin' to stop me
'fore i jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes
'cause i'm takin' y'all with me when i go cyclone
i don't think this typhoon's letting up any time soon, here i go
eyes closed, blindfolded, i'm 'bout to—


smash into everyone, crash into everything
back and i've just begun, "fack" 2017
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
i'm a kamikaze, gonna
smash into everyone, crash like an f-15
damage already done, y'all should'a let me be
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
i'm a kamikaze, gonna


smash
kamikaze, kamikaze
kami, kami-kamikaze, kamikaze, kami-kamikaze (kamikaze)
take a look at what i've done


i heard your freestyle on shade 45, that shit was embarrassing
there is no way we ever air that shit again, i guarantee that
wait, that shit was so ass it's somethin' we wouldn't dare re-air it (get it)
the shit's embarrassing as me rear-ending tara reid bare
in my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of cher
each nut is the chair width of an acorn stairlift, beware of me
lyrically i'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared
richard ramirez is here, serial killin' every beat there is


wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin'
somethin' evil is lurkin', i'm no conspiracy theorist
but somethin' here is a foot—oh yeah, it's my dick
get the measurin' stick (what?), 12 inches of wood (haha)
wait, but i've been goin' for your jugular since craig g "duck alert"
and i've come to pay respects
'cause if you sleep you're fucked—other words
you get laid to rest and i hope your butt is hurt
put me on a track, i go cray on it like a color book
you got some views, but you're still below me
mine are higher, so when you compare our views, you get overlooked
and i don't say the hook unless i wrote the hook
and now i'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth
and you know i've always spoke the truth
you're lyin' through your teeth so much you broke a tooth
and it ain't somethin' i need a phone to do
when i say i can't wait 'til i get ahold of you
and i don't know what i'm s'posed to do
line up the rappers, take my pic like a photo shoot

"i've always looked at battle rap as competition or war, and the main objective is to destroy, completely fuckin’ obliterate your opponent by saying anything and everything, whatever the fuck you can, to get a reaction from the crowd. so nothing's off limits."
i need you to spit that lyrical miracle… in the swimming pool


before this kicks off, let me set my balls on this tees
'cause i’m dottin' i's every time i cross one of these
there's not a redeeming quality at all in me
it's impossible, seems like an implausible dream
positive clean thoughts intervene
but they're all either altered and mean
assault and demean, tossed and they're being lost in the scheme
squashed in between a brainwashing machine
like an islamic regime, a jihadist extreme radical
suicide bomber that's seeing
ariana grande sing her last song of the evening
and as the audience from the damn concert is leaving
detonates the device strapped to his abdominal region
i’m not gonna finish that, for obvious reasons
but bring your dogs, i’ma muzzle 'em
i’m not middle eastern but i'll make a bitch rock a hijab
and at least a extra large in a t-shirt
headscarf and a piece of tarp underneath the carpet, hasta la vista
i go hamas on the beats, a paradox on the beach
and a pair of crotchless underwear on a terrorist watch list
gettin' head in the sand like an embarrassed ostrich
professional shit sprayer
bitch watch who you talkin' to, like apple wristwear
endangered species in this abc shit a bit scarce
prey’s decreasing, i face extinction like disc players
told this chick she's hot as jada pinkett
and just stared 'til i made her think it
said, "maybe we should just get married."
she's facing me, i placed my feet with my hips square
tell her, "turn around," spread her legs for me, then i hit bare
leave her stretched out like a baby t-shirt on ric flair
as i rip, tear, anal beads in a split rear
spray febreze in the chick's hair
make her wheeze tryna get air
i played for keeps, there's no escaping me, i have a bitch scared
and chained to me, and throw away the key
and she'll be so afraid to leave
that even if she ends up breaking free she'll just sit there
tryin' to scrape up enough courage and strength to get up
it's impossible like rapin' a slut
we stay butt-naked and fuck
you're close, wait for you, what?
my idea, you comin' too, is waking you up
with smelling salts after i quaalude your cup
that'll straighten you up if you try to stray like a pup
hate to get bogged down in details
but bitch, i'm like the dog pound with females
my brain is corrupt, real life, hillside strangler
i strangle a skank's neck 'til it's triangular
shaped but it's upside down, and my mouth ain't gonna shut
and mention me in your raps if it makes you a buck
or helps you rake in the ducats, i want payment in pub
'cause i ain't tryna get in your bars like i'm waiting the club
but if you put me in your lines, i'm takin' a cut


get a million writers inside of a room combined in it
try to get every idea of every possible line to spit
every punchline, every combination that rhymes with it
bitch, a whole team can't see me, there's no i's in it
head so big, i shot myself ten times in it
tryna commit suicide and it took five minutes
and i survived this shit
someone's gonna challenge me, who?
battle me and win, that's a fucking fallacy too
you name one motherfucker in this galaxy, *spits*, reality
you fantasy, rally your troops, try to boost the morale
only time i start a movement's a bowel
i can't even give a "yeah" or a "woo" when you rap in the booth
not even a "nah" or a "boo"
'cause even though i'm allergic to the crap that you spew
when i'm 'bout to break out, i don't mean get a rash from it too
'cause when i say i have allergies, i actually do
but that's just an analogy, i've never had a reaction to you


creature from the black lagoon
i reach up and i smack the moon
you're grief struck that i'm back so soon
your teacher for this afternoon
creep up with a pack of hoodlums
we pack a punch like caprisun
heat tucked like we each snuck in a sub-machine gun
we stuck in a submarine bun, with a bag of shrooms
cup of lean up in the padded room
justin bieber in a catholic school
selling dust and reefer when your back is to him
don't adjust your speaker
i'll cuss the stripes off of a fuckin' zebra when i'm at the zoo
huffin' cleaner 'til i gag from fumes
fuck christina with a plastic spoon
while i bump some g-funk and blast some snoop
'cause her double g-cups are massive, huge!
it's fun for me just to grab a boob
plus my penis got an attitude
my fuckin' wiener's in a combative mood
come and suck a mean one like it's mad at you
i speak tongue-in-cheek, what you asslicks do
'cause you love to eat butt, it's sad but true


i just sprung a leak suddenly
what i think and my gut instinct become in sync
my thoughts and my stomach link up with each other
ink touches the pad, then boom!
since the day dre gave me beats, i was made elite
that's basically what makes me me
creating stink, 'til these tats are fading ink
who's the greatest? think we're still debating, wink
add, and better put out an apb
'cause it'll take lapd and me layin' in the street
for you to see shady beat
and i'll bet ya they'd need cleats
'cause i'd have to be stomped by forty men to suffer a defeat
i pray please jesus to make me decent
inhaling the main ingredient of pain relievers, and saline
i take three aleves, tryna break these fevers, i'm ailing
i stay free of divas and ladies screamin'
'cause they keep schemin' on me
vading keepin' the women at bay
like laci peterson, baby fetuses
legs and feet have been weighted, chained, and cemented
straight demented- wait!
even if it takes meat cleavers to make believers
mistake-free schemes are enablin' me to remain deviant
breakbeat, eat her like steak meat
emcees take seats like amc theaters
deranged ringleader, depraved king
who mainstream media hates
which makes things easier, still under scrutiny
villainous smooth criminal, livin' room
with the nude reese witherspoon
who was bruised, beat with a broom
it's in two pieces, and lays deceased in it
pit with a chewed leash, and his chain-link leapin' it
live in the booth, shave, eat, bathe, drink, sleep in it
r-a-p bleed the shit, still and i poop, pee it
it's a spillage, a sewage leak, waist-deep feces
the syllables ooze fecal, they feel like renewed leases
'cause my brain releases 'em


like waste excretion, it's simultaneously
as i'm givin' these fools grief, they're feelin' the blues
'cause even if stealin' my shoes, thieves
just to fill 'em's a huge feat
a hill and it's too steep
obey these demons, we're still in cahoots
keep feedin' me blank sheets
as soon as i sank these teeth
and i'm killin' the loose leaf
time to shake these trees again
wait, make that phrase repeat again
killin' the loose leaf, shake these trees again
get the rake, but it ain't me leavin' 'em


vicodins, nuprins, i bite them and chew them
the whites and the blues mixed with nitrous balloons
and i like to sniff gluesticks, put ricin on toothpicks
on the mic i'm just ruthless, a crisis, a nuisance
who i influence i give two shits
if they wanna license my music to entice with
then use the shit like it's the blueprint for isis recruitment


excuse me while i stare into space for a few
in a daze or a haze, glazed over, crazed warped loon
mental cased off, always had a straight-forward view
but you bozos keep givin' the flamethrower fuel
no one's ever sank lower, shrewd, and way more rude
beast-mode like a lawn-mower blade rolled through it
and this has little to do with bein' gay, boy
it's just where the wordplay's goin'
but ain't much i can say or do
'cause ain't no excuse, the way i go at you {censored}
you say i'm always screw-faced
so if i look your way, you're screwed
'cause if looks could kill, i could start a hate war too
'cause i'd murder you straight bitches by turnin' the gaze on you


let's take it back before the tightly-worn pants
to the nike, jordan hats
the stripe lee's, jordache, and the white tees
lightning storms might be formed fast
such a frightening forecast
but when you're slightly hoarse, rasp
from the cyphering or gasp, but still reciting your raps
while you're tightening your grasp around the mic 'cause you done shitted on it so much, you're always reminded of your past
'cause your heiny's sore, that's
'cause you still haven't finished fuckin' wiping your ass
from the night before last
no good, but rap's somethin' i'm too-good-for-my-own-good at
fuck adulthood, i'm a grown-up brat
where your cojones at? mine are always being rode, in fact
they're frozen, you ever seen a cul-de-sac?
so big they fell out my scrotum, i just sewed 'em back


dick so long, need a shoulder-strap
for that, gotta unroll it and fold it back
so difficult to wrap in the prophylactic, it overlaps it
so i pack a trojan so fat, when i lay it flat it's like a yoga mat
make a bitch think she's in aerobics class
the bear you don't wanna poke is back
the backbone of rap, your fuckin' lead singles are my bonus tracks
when i appear, my peers stop
hearts fall in their stomach, their spirits drop
careers flop, their gears lock, severe shock
fear at the mere thought
lyrics are top-tier, i'm so high at the top
i'm in the sky when i talk
bitch, i'm so fly when i walk, my ears pop


oh, and i'm just playin' ladies, you know i love you
i got a idea for a line

you sound like a bitch, bitch
shut the fuck up
when your fans become your haters
you done?
fuckin' beard's weird
alright
you yellin' at the mic, fuckin' weird beard (you want smoke)
we doin' this once
you yellin' at the mic, your beard's weird
why you yell at the mic? (illa)


rihanna just hit me on a text
last night i left hickeys on her neck
wait, you just dissed me? i'm perplexed
insult me in a line, compliment me on the next
damn, i'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack
was watchin' 8 mile on my nordictrack
realized i forgot to call you back
here's that autograph for your daughter, i wrote it on a starter cap
stan, stan, son, listen, man, dad isn't mad
but how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun and have a man-bun?
the giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable
supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked
say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me
i say one call to interscope and you're swayze
your reply got the crowd yelling, "woo!"
so before you die let's see who can out-petty who
wit' your corny lines ("slim, you're old")—ow, kelly, ooh
but i'm 45 and i'm still outselling you
by 29, i had three albums that had blew
now let's talk about somethin' i don't really do
go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food
but you're a fuckin' mole hill, now i'ma make a mountain out of you (woo!)
ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow
gunner? bitch, you ain't a bow and arrow
say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead (brrt)
playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still (hold up)
are you eating cereal or oatmeal?
what the fuck's in the bowl, milk? wheaties or cheerios?
'cause i'm takin' a shit in 'em, kelly, i need reading material
…dictionary…
"yo, slim, your last four albums sucked
go back to recovery," oh shoot, that was three albums ago
what do you know? oops
know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof
luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? yeah, i had enough money in '02
to burn it in front of you, ho
younger me? no, you the wack me, it's funny but so true
i'd rather be 80-year-old me than 20-year-old you
'til i'm hitting old age
still can fill a whole page with a 10-year-old's rage
got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddie, go play
feel like i'm babysitting lil tay
got the diddy okay, so you spent your whole day
shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave
got you at your own wake, i'm the billy goat
you ain't never made a list next to no biggie, no jay
next to taylor swift and that iggy ho, you about to really blow
kelly, they'll be putting your name
next to ja, next to benzino—die, motherfucker!
like the last motherfucker sayin' hailie in vain
alien brain, you satanist (yeah)
my biggest flops are your greatest hits
the game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks
so before i slay this bitch i, mwah, give jade a kiss
gotta wake up labor day to this (the fuck?)
bein' rich-shamed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait
in a state of bliss 'cause i said his goddamn name
now i gotta cock back, aim
yeah, bitch, pop champagne to this! (pop)
it's your moment
this is it, as big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it
had to give you a career to destroy it
lethal injection, go to sleep six feet deep
i'll give you a b for the effort
but if i was three-foot-eleven, you'd look up to me
and for the record, you would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second
lick a ballsack to get on my channel
give your life to be as solidified
this motherfuckin' shit is like rambo when he's out of bullets
so what good is a fuckin' machine gun when it's outta ammo?
had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper
how the fuck can him and i battle?
he'll have to fuck kim in my flannel
i'll give him my sandals
'cause he knows, long as i'm shady, he's gon' have to live in my shadow
exhausting, letting off on my offspring
lick a gun barrel, bitch, get off me!
you dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see
you're fuckin' salty 'cause young gerald's balls-deep inside of halsey
your red sweater, your black leather
you dress better, i rap better
that a death threat or a love letter?
little white toothpick
thinks it's over a pic, i just don't like you, prick
thanks for dissing me
now i had an excuse on the mic to write "not alike"
but really, i don't care who's in the right
but you're losin' the fight you picked
who else want it? kells, attempt fails! budden, l's!
fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as cottonelle
killshot, i will not fail, i'm with the doc still
but this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills
but, kells, the day you put out a hit's the day diddy admits
that he put the hit out that got pac killed, ah
i'm sick of you bein' wack
and still usin' that mothafuckin' auto-tune
so let's talk about it (let's talk about it)
i'm sick of your mumble rap mouth
need to get the cock up out it
before we can even talk about it (talk about it)
i'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings
just 'cause you look in the mirror and think
that you're marshall mathers (marshall mathers)
don't mean you are, and you're not about it
so just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it


you fuckin'—, oh
and i'm just playin', diddy
you know i love you

i got a couple of mansions
still, i don't have any manners
you got a couple of ghostwriters
but to these kids, it don't actually matter
they're askin' me, "what the fuck happened to hip-hop?"
i said, "i don't have any answers"
'cause i took an l when i dropped my last album
it hurt me like hell, but i'm back on these rappers (yeah)
and actually comin' from humble beginnings
i'm somewhat uncomfortable winning
i wish i could say, "what a wonderful feeling!
we're on the upswing like we're punchin' the ceiling!"
but nothin' is feeling like anyone has any fuckin' ability
to even stick to a subject, it's killin' me
the inability to pen humility
ha-ta-ta, ba-ta-ta, why don't we make a bunch of
fuckin' songs about nothin' and mumble 'em?
fuck it, i'm goin' for the jugular
shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin' up
don't give an ounce of a motherfuck
about the ones that were here before you that made rap (yeah)
let's recap, way back, mc's that (what?)
wreak havoc on tape decks (woo)
adat's, where the g raps and kanes at?
we need 3 stacks asap and bring masta ace back
'cause half of these rappers have brain damage
all the lean rappin', face tats, syruped out like tree sap
i don't hate trap (nah), and i don't wanna seem mad
but in fact (yeah), where the old me at? the same cat
that would take that feedback and aim back, i need that
but i think it's inevitable they know what button to press
or what lever to pull to give me to snap though (lil' bitch)
and if i pay it attention, i'm prob'ly makin' it bigger
but you've been takin' ya dicks and i'm fuckin' back, ho (get it?)
on the brink, any minute got me thinkin' of finishin'
everything with acetaminophen and reapin' the benefits
i'm asleep at the wheel again, as i begin to thinkin' about an evil intent of another beat i'ma kill again
'cause even if i gotta end up eating a pill again
even ketamine or methamphetamine with the minithin
it better be at least seventy or three-hundred milligram
and i might as well 'cause i'ma end up bein' a villain again
levels to this shit, i got an elevator
you could never say to me i'm not a fuckin' record breaker (yeah)
i sound like a broken record every time i break a record
nobody could ever take away the legacy i made, i never cater
motherfucker, now i got a right to be this way
i got spite inside my dna (yeah)
but i roll 'til the wheels fall off, i'm working tirelessly, ayy
it's the moment y'all been waitin' for like california
wishin' rain to pour in that drought, y'all
been prayin' for my downfall (yeah)
from the 8 mile to the southpaw
still the same marshall, that outlaw
that they say as a writer might've fell off
i'm back on that bull like the cowboys


so y'all gotta move, yeah, y'all gotta move, yeah, y'all gotta move
give me some room (woo!), give me some room (hey!), give me the juice
hop out the coupe (joyner!), hop out the coupe (joyner!), hop out and shoot
y'all gotta move (boom, bap), y'all gotta move (woo!), give me the juice

(illa, illa, illa)
(yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah)
yo (yo), how do i keep
(man, i don't know what’s up with these hoes, man)
gettin' in relationships like this? (i'm just sayin’)
maybe it says somethin' about me (yeah, yup)
should i look in the mirror?


i just want you to be normal
why can't you bitches be normal?
always gotta be so extra
why you always need a lecture?
my ex hates to talk, she's a texter
even when i'm in bed layin' right next to her
wants to get back together
said not 'til she gets her act together


she thinks i'm bein’ mean and now
she starts to scream and shout
she’s about to let the demons out
she don't wanna see me with other females out
i tell the bitch to beat it, take the scenic route
she retaliates by tryin’ to leave the house
in an evening gown with her cleavage out
we've been down this road too many times for me to count
and all i can think is how—


i just want you to be normal
why can't you bitches be normal?
always gotta be so extra
like a fuckin' terrestrial
guess it comes with the territory
my ex girl, she just declared war
therefore, i better prepare for it
i guess bein’ weird's normal


and i don't know what's got a hold of me
most notably i've been zonin' to jodeci
i'm totally open, hopelessly devoted
so much so that i bet you she don't even know that she's
the first thing i think of when i wake up
and the last thing i think of 'fore i go to sleep
sike, hope she don't notice me goin' through her purse
i know she cheats, so do i, i'm soulless, she's heartless
no wonder we're partners
both got hundreds of charges
domestic disputes but we've always
swept it under the carpet
even when 9-1-1 gets the call that
i slipped up and busted her jaw with
a louisville slugger 'cause alls it
really does is make our love
for each other grow stronger
she won me over the second she tried to run me over
told her i'd keep it a hun', we over
kicked her out, called her back, now she's coming over
but why is she so wicked?
and how the fuck did i get so twisted
up with someone so unlikable and shifty?
we're like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with
ignitable liquids, but i'm finally seeing
she's only mine for the time being
that's why i keep bringin' up that one time she
tried to two-time me
and throw it up in her face 'til i dry heave
how could i be so naive?
should i leave or turn this entire evening
to a motherfucking crime scene?
maybe i'm just too ugly to compete with him
you weren't s'posed to agree, you fucking bitch!
'specially when you're the one cheated first
now the argument immediately becomes heated
you don't want me to flip, little conceited cunt
eat a monkey dick wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita
slut, treat it just like a drum, beat it
complete it, and once you've succeeded, repeat it!
i love you but i hope you fuckin' die though
in our business your friends like to pry so
you've got 'em all under cover just like moles
hopin' they'll come back with intel
but i'm the one who's thrown into the spiral
'cause now the roles are reversed so here i go
thinkin' i'm sly as i scroll through your iphone
who the fuck's milo?
the guy at work who drives a hi-lo
i put a tracking device on your chrysler
and follow you while you drive home
but like a cyclone, i just got my disguise blown
you recognized me and had milo flip me off
right out the passenger side window (*beep-beep*)
i hit a light pole, you skirt off
and then pull up at 5 a.m. in the drive in a stretched white limo
stumble in the side door and hit me in the head with milo's demo (ow! ah)
but like a drunk bum, what do i know?
let's sleep on it like they did revival
i told you "you're the apple of my eye," so shut your pie hole


just wanna be normal
why can't you be normal? (yeah)
i just wanna be normal
why can't you be normal?

tay keith, fuck these niggas up!
yeah


brain dead, eye drops
pain meds, cyclops (yup)
daybed, ipod
"may-back," maybach (yup)
trainwrecks, sidewalks
payless, high-tops (uh)
k-fed, ihop
playtex, icebox (yeah)


that's how much we have in common (yah!)
that's how much we have in common (woah!)
up on this mic when we're on it (yah)
that's how much we have in common (yeah!)
that's how much we have in common (woo!)
that's how much we have in common
we are not alike, there's nada like us on the mic (yah!)


i don't do jordans and audemars
i do explosions and molotovs
y'all blowin' smoke as if y'all ain't washed
i blow the smoke from the car exhaust
flyin' to a party i am not invited to, feelin' like the streets need me (what up?)
i ain't gotta dance long as my ferrari spider move like c breezy
i don't gotta hire goons
i'd rather try to buy the moon and breathe freely
the sky is blue, the tires new
the maserati white and cool like g-eazy
why these dudes tryna figure out
how to do a freestyle as fly as me? (why?)
i'm confused tryna figure out
how to do kapri styles and mya g
everybody doin' chick joints
prolly rob these little dudes at fist point
'member everybody used to bite nickel
now everybody doin' bitcoin
we don't got nothin' in common (no!)
we don't got nothin' in common (no!)
y'all into stuff like doubled-up styrofoam cups
on them uppers-and-downers (woo!)
i'm into stuff like doublin' commas
find me a brother who's solid
to count this shit up and then bust this shit down
when the cops hit us up, we can flush this shit down
we cannot give a fuck, shit, a fuckin' colonic
sellin' your cock and your butt for a follow or
possible couple of dollars, you powder sniff
now you slippin', call it a power trip, a product of politics
y'all went from profit and toppin' the charts
to dropped in the park in a pile of shit
knowledge is power, but powerless
if you've got it and you do not acknowledge it
y'all music sound like dr. seuss inspired it
hirin' strippers, prostitute retirin'
we can spit it for your advance
i'm fit to be king, you're cut out to fit in prince pants
you niggas—


brain dead, eye drops
pain meds, cyclops (yeah)
daybed, ipod
"may-back," maybach (yup)
trainwrecks, sidewalks
payless, high-tops (uh)
k-fed, ihop
playtex, icebox (yeah)


that's how much we have in common (yah!)
that's how much we have in common (woah!)
up on this mic when we're on it (yah)
that's how much we have in common (yuh!)
that's how much we have in common (woo!)
that's how much we have in common
we are not alike, there's nada like us—

you say you affiliated with murderers, killers (ayy!)
the people you run with are thuggin' (gang!)
but you just a wannabe gunner (gang!)
like you was gonna do somethin'
actin' like you catchin' bodies (ayy!)
and you got juice, lil' youngin', you buggin'
you ain't never even been charged in connection with battery
bitch, you ain't plugged into nothin'
rap god spit lyrical bullets (pew!)
and gats cock, your partners better tool up
this has not to do with muscular
but have guns for sure, you better put a
strap on, other words if you're gonna
roll up with your (gang!) you're gon' need a arsenal
'cause this bar is over your head
so you better⁠—*gun cock*⁠—have arms if you're gonna pull up (skrrt!)
oh, you run the streets, huh?
now you wanna come and fuck with me, huh?
this little cock-sucker, he must be feelin' himself
he wants to keep up his tough demeanour
so he does a feature, decides to team up with n9na (yeah)
but next time you don't gotta use tech n9ne
if you wanna come at me with a sub, machine gun
and i'm talkin' to you
but you already know who the fuck you are, kelly
i don't use sublims and sure as fuck don't sneak-diss
but keep commenting on my daughter hailie
i keep on telling motherfuckers
but, just in case you forgot really and need ja memories jarred like strawberry or pineapple apricot jelly
i respond rarely, but this time shady 'bout to sound off
like a fuckin' cocked semi-glock demigod
let me put a fuckin' silencer on this little
non-threatening blond fairy cornball takin' shots at me
you're not ready, fool, break yourself like rock steady crew
obviously, i'm not getting through
we can get it poppin' like redenbach, letting off like remy ma
heavy artille—ry, godzilla harsh with a hard shell
with a motherfucking heart bigger than bizarre's belly
only time you'll ever say i lost
you'll be talkin' 'bout fetty wap, better call diddy
just to try to get me off of ya
better hope i don't call trick trick
bitch, this shit don't fly in our city
punk, you don't disrespect ogs, r.i.p. prodigy
sold dre my soul and then told him the moment he signed me
that i'd be the most hated, though made it
so that there's no shame, it's okay to own it
'cause life is a bitch, she's a bow-legged ho
but now those days are over
i harvey weinstein a bathrobe hanging open
my code name is groper, i role play with lotion
i fucked on the world then i throw away the trojan
old lederhosen with home-made explosives
i'll blow eighty holes in you
don't make me go in, i o. j. the flows
and i'm insult to injury, rolaids to goldman
i'm throat spray and motrin, i throated nicole
as they both there to choke and my whole blade is soakin'
a double-edge sword, it cuts both ways, i poke and
i stick and i turn in a rotating motion
invisible with the pen, i'm at the pinnacle to sick individuals
stick my dick and put the tip in at minimal
i'm fuckin' these syllables, i let 'em lick on my genitals
i'm a fucking invincible, indefensible, despicable, difficult prick
a little bit unpredictable, i spit the formidable
that you bitches fuckin' with, the original
i consider me and nickel identical ('dentical!)—but not us
the only thing we have in common's i'm a dick and you suck
otherwise one has nothin' to do with the other
none come close to skunk, bug, soldier
tongue, shrub, shoulder, one month older
sponge, mug, folder, nun, rug, holster
lug nut, coaster, lung, jug, roaster
young thug poster, unplugged toaster (yeah!)


that's how much we have in common (yah!)
that's how much we have in common (woah!)
up on this mic when we're on it (yah)
that's how much we have in common (yeah!)
that's how much we have in common (woo!)
that's how much we have in common
we are not alike, there's nada like us—
(man, fuck this shit, let's go)

it's 2002, everything was totally new
we were globally huge, watchin' sales go through the roof
we wrote and we feuded, runyon avenue soldiers included
a multitude of homies who would pounce for no good excuse
we were so bulletproof—wrote, souped, and soaked in our youth
thought we was runnin' shit 'til we lost the sole of our shoe
the death of doody broke us in two
we were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do
and at the time i was goin' through my own struggles too
so i wasn't in no condition to be coachin' us through
everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew
i was hopin' they do, so i ain't have to shoulder the crew
the plan was put everyone in position so that they knew
how to stand on their own, and i don't wanna open up wounds
i just noticed that oomph was gone when we go in the booth
'cause the truth is, the moment that proof died, so did the group
shoot!


if i could leave this all behind
i could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
down to the river with you
help me leave this all behind


i'ma wash away my sins
i'ma rinse away this dirt
i forgot to make amends
to all the friends i may have hurt
i better stop and say my grace
from it i pray that i don't fall
'cause on the way back down i may
end up runnin' back into them all
i never meant to use you all as my stepping stones


it was never the same, and it's bothered me since
and the farther we drift apart, the more awkward it gets
the more time goes by, the more life happens
and we gotta be men, we got responsibilities
plus we don't say how we feel
and i feel like this is what got us in the debacle we're in
been with you guys thick and thin
but it's almost as if sometimes we're not even friends
which reminded me, biz, "rockstar" was the shit
y'all coulda got you a hit without me on the shit
if you'da put d12 on it, wish i coulda did
more to try talkin' you into comin' up off it
i know it wasn't my fault, but part of it probably is
i think of all of the trips to bet
and the rappers i wish that we woulda politicked with
maybe y'all coulda clicked and got you some features
but that's water under the bridge
but i'm washin' my sins in it 'til my conscience is cleansed


if i could leave this all behind
i could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
down to the river with you
help me leave this all behind


i'ma wash away my sins
i'ma rinse away this dirt
i forgot to make amends
to all the friends i may have hurt
i better stop and say my grace
from it i pray that i don't fall
'cause on the way back down i may
end up runnin' back into them all
i never meant to use you all as my stepping stones


bacardi and hen', never thought the party would end
one minute you're bodyin' shit, but then your audience splits
you can already sense the climate is startin' to shift
to these kids you no longer exist
went from rainin' cats and dogs in this bitch
to tiny drops, little drips
and by the time your reign is over, you'll hardly be missed
you start thinkin' of all the artists you dissed
all the carnage you left, is this the kind of karma you get
for turnin' your fuckin' back on bizzy, kuniva, and swift?
a freudian slip, subconsciously, i honestly wished
i ain't feel so much guilt and y'all didn't harbor resentment
but it's hard to pretend that y'all ain't got none
i just wish i had words, but i guess there just are none for this
to my partners, i can't say how sorry i am
this is not how i planned for our story to end
i love all of you men
but i just can't be the guy everybody depends
on for entire careers 'cause that's not even fair
i will always be here, but that spark isn't there
and i don't know how to recapture that time and that era
i've tried hearkening back to, but i'm fightin' for air
i'm barely chartin' myself
feels like i'm on the descent, but it was not my intent
to treat y'all like a stepping stone
though i ain't left no one behind, but we been down every road
done all we possibly can, i know we kept our hopes up
but the longer we spend livin' this lie that we live
the less is left for closure, so let's let this go
it's not goodbye to our friendship, but d12 is over


i'ma wash away my sins
i'ma rinse away this dirt
i forgot to make amends
to all the friends i may have hurt
i better stop and say my grace
from it i pray that i don't fall
'cause on the way back down i may
end up runnin' back into them all
i never meant to use you all as my stepping stones


i never meant to make you feel like my stepping stones
i never meant to use you all for my stepping stones

*plane crash*
yeah (illa, illa, illa)
yo, i'm just gonna write down my first thoughts, and see where this takes me, ’cause i feel like i wanna punch the world in the fuckin' face right now
yeah

let me explain just how to make greatness
straight out the gate, i'm ’bout to break it down
ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake, i'm 'bout
to rape the alphabet, i may raise some brows
if i press the issue just to get the anger out (brrr!)
full magazine could take staples out
savage but ain't thinkin' 'bout no bank account
but bitch, i'm off the chain like kala brown
motherfucker, shut the fuck up when i’m talkin’, lil' bitch
i’m sorry, wait, what's your talent? oh, critiquin'
my talent? oh, bitch, i don't know who the fuck y’all are
to give a sub-par bar or even have an opinion of you
you mention me, millions of views, attention in news
i mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you
billions of views, your ten cents are two
skim through the music to give shit reviews
to get clicks, but bitch, you just lit the fuse
don't get misconstrued, business as us'
shit-list renewed, so get shit to do
or get dissed 'cause i just don't get
what the fuck half the shit is that you're listenin' to
do you have any idea how much i hate this choppy flow
everyone copies though? prob'ly no
get this fuckin' audio out my audi, yo, adiós
i can see why people like lil yachty, but not me though
not even dissin', it just ain't for me
all i am simply is just an emcee
maybe "stan" just isn't your cup of tea (get it?)
maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean
maybe i need to stir up shit, preferably
shake the world up if it were up to me
paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill
i should eat a pill, probably i will
old me killed the new me, watch him bleed to death
i breathe on the mirror, i don't see my breath
possibly i'm dead, i must be possessed
like an evil spell, i'm e-v-i-l ("evil" spelled)
jam a crest whitestrip in the tip of my dick
with an ice pick, stick it in a vise grip
hang it on a spike fence, bang it with a pipe wrench
while i take my ball sack and flick it like a light switch
like vice president mike pence
back up on my shit in a sidekick as i lay it on a spike strip
these are things that i'd rather do than hear you on a mic
since nine tenths of your rhyme is about ice and
jesus christ, man, how many times is
someone gonna fuck on my bitch? (fuck my side chick!)
you won't ever see em icy
but as cold as i get on the m-i-c
i polarize shit, so the thames might freeze
and your skull might split like i bashed you upside it
bitch, i got the club on smash like a nightstick (yeah)
turn down for what?
i ain't loud enough, nah, turn the valium up (illa, illa, illa)
'cause i don't know how i'm gonna get your mouths to shut
now when it doesn't matter what caliber
i spit at, i'll bet a hundred thousand bucks
you'll turn around and just be like, "man, how the fuck
sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks?
and now he wants to take it out on us" (ooouuu)
but last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy
of the mathers lp to tell me to study
it'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (ooouuu)
i mailed the bitch back and said if i did that
i'd just be like everyone else in the fucking industry
especially an effing recovery clone of me (nfing)
so finger-bang, chicken wang, mgk, igg' azae'
lil pump, lil xan imitate lil wayne
i should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name
i'm fed up with bein' humble
and rumor is i'm hungry, i'm sure you heard rumblings
i heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach
i heard your mumblin' but it's jumbled in mumbo-jumbo
the era that i'm from will pummel you, that's what it's comin' to
what the fuck you're gonna do when you run into it?
i'm gonna crumble you and i'll take a number two
and dump on you, if you ain't joyner
if you ain't kendrick or cole or sean, then you're a goner
i'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it
i guess when you walk into bk you expect a whopper
you can order a quarter pounder when you go to mcdonald's
but if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get revival
but y'all are actin' like i tried to serve you up a slider
maybe the vocals shoulda been auto-tuned
and you woulda bought it
but sayin' i no longer got it
'cause you missed a line and never caught it
'cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it
'cause you're mentally retarded, but pretend to be the smartest
with your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist
and i'm harder on myself than you could ever be regardless
what i'll never be is flawless, all i'll ever be is honest (illa, illa, illa)
even when i'm gone they're gonna say i brought it
even when i hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic
with a bottle full of malt liquor
but i couldn't bottle this shit any longer
the fact that i know that i'ma hit my bottom
if i don't pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet
i don't see why y'all even started with me
i get in beefs, my enemies die
i don't cease fire 'til at least all are deceased
i'm east side, never be caught slippin'
now you see why i don't sleep, not even a wink, i don't blink
i don't doze off, i don't even nod to the beats
i don't even close my fuckin' eyes when i sneeze
"aw, man! that bet cypher was weak, it was garbage
the thing ain't even orange—oh my god, that's a reach!"
shout to all my colorblind people
each and everyone of y'all, if you call a fire engine green
aquamarine, or you think water is pink
"dawg, that's a date" — "looks like an olive to me"
"look, there's an apple!" — "no, it's not, it's a peach!"
so finger-bang, pootie tang
burger king, gucci gang, dookie, dang
charlamagne gonna hate anyway, doesn't matter what i say
give me donkey of the day
what a way for 2018 to get underway
but i'm gonna say everything that i wanna say
welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (yeah)
invite 'em in like a one a day
i'm not done (preach!)
'cause i feel like the beast of burden
that line in the sand, was it even worth it?
'cause the way i see people turning's
makin' it seem worthless, it's startin' to defeat the purpose
i'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds
and i was just tryin' to do the right thing, but word
has the court of public opinion reached a verdict
or still yet to be determined?
'cause i'm determined to be me, critiqued or worshipped
but if i could go back, i'd at least reword it
and say i empathize with the people this evil serpent
sold the dream to that he's deserted
but i think it's workin'
these verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous
and he's too scurred to answer me with words
'cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered
but i know at least he's heard it
'cause agent orange just sent the secret service
to meet in person to see if i really think of hurtin' him
or ask if i'm linked to terrorists
i said, "only when it comes to ink and lyricists"
but my beef is more media journalists
(hold up, hold up, hold up)
i said, my beef is more meaty, a journalist
can get a mouthful of flesh
and yes, i mean eating a penis
'cause they've been pannin' my album to death
so i've been givin' the media fingers
don't wanna turn this to a counseling sesh
but they've been puttin' me through the ringer
so i ain't ironin' shit out with the press
but i just took this beat to the cleaners

i got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed
when the world gives you a raw deal
sets you off 'til you scream, "piss off! screw you!"
when it talks to you like you don't belong
or tells you you're in the wrong field
when something's in your mitochondrial
'cause it latched on to you, like—


knock knock, let the devil in
manevolent as i've ever been, head is spinnin'
this medicine's screamin', "l-l-l-let us in!"
l-l-l-like a salad bowl, edgar allan poe
bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago
liquid tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin'
wicked, i get all high when i think i've smelled the scent
of elephant manure—hell, i meant kahlúa
screw it, to hell with it, i went through hell with accelerants
and blew up my-my-myself again
volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin
mayo and went from hellmann's and being rail thin
filet-o-fish, scribble jam, rap olympics '97 freaknik
how can i be down? me and bizarre in florida
proof's room slept on the floor of 'da motel then
dr. dre said, "hell yeah!"
and i got his stamp like a postcard, word to mel-man
and i know they're gonna hate
but i don't care, i barely can wait
to hit 'em with the snare and the bass
square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced
because they're gonna taste my—


venom, (i got that) adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(w-w-when they get bit with the—)
venom, (i got that) adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(w-w-when they get bit with the—)


i said knock knock, let the devil in
shotgun p-p-pellets in the felt pen
cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one
it-it's evident i'm not done
v-venomous, the thoughts spun
like a web and you just caught in 'em
held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap
beat strangler attack
so this ain't gonna feel like a love tap
eat painkiller pills, fuck up the track
like, what's her name's at the wheel? danica patrick
threw the car into reverse at the indy, a nut crashin'
into ya, the back of it just mangled steel
my mustang and the jeep wrangler grill
with the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin
slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and gandhi (gandhi)
translation, i will probably kill us both
when i end up backin' into ya
you ain't gonna be able to tell what the fuck's happenin' to ya
when you're bit with the—


venom, adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(w-w-when they get bit with the—)
venom, (i got that) adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(w-w-when they get bit with the—)


i said knock knock, let the devil in
alien, e-e-elliott phone home
ain't no telling when this chokehold
on this game will end, i'm loco
became a symbiote, so
my fangs are in your throat, ho
you're snake-bitten with my—venom
with the ballpoint pen i'm
gun cocked, bump stock, double-aught, buckshot
tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots
fired up and caught fire, juggernaut
punk rock, bitch, it's goin' down like yung joc
'cause the doc put me on like sunblock
why the fuck not, you only get one shot
ate shit 'til i can't taste it
chased it with straight liquor
then paint thinner, then drank 'til i faint
and awake with a headache
and i take anything in rectangular shape
then i wait to face the demons i'm bonded to
'cause they're chasin' me but i'm part of you
so escapin' me is impossible
i latch onto you like a—parasite
and i probably ruined your parents' life
and your childhood too
'cause if i'm the music that y'all grew up on
i'm responsible for you retarded fools
i'm the super villain dad and mom was losin' their marbles to
you marvel that? eddie brock is you
and i'm the suit, so call me—


venom, (i got that) adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(w-w-when they get bit with the—)
venom, (i got that) adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(w-w-when they get bit with the—)
