
can i kick it? (yes you can!)
can i kick it? (yes you can!)
can i kick it? (yes you can!)
y'all motherfuckers must've heard that tribe called quest shit
let's do it again!
can i kick it? (yes you can!)
can i kick it? (yes you can!)
can i kick it? (yes you can!)
well i'm gone... check this out


too much west coast dick lickin'
and too many niggas on a mission, doin' your best jay-z rendition
too many rough motherfuckers, i got my suspicions
that you're just fish in a pool of sharks, nigga, listen
too many bitches wanna be ladies, so if you a ho
i'ma call you a ho, too many bitches are shady
too many ladies give these niggas too many chances
too many brothers wannabe lovers don't know what romance is
too many bitches stuck up from too many sexual advances
no question; jay-z got too many answers
i been around this block too many times
rocked too many rhymes, cocked too many nines, too
to all my brothers it ain't too late to come together
'cause too much black and too much love, equal forever
i don't follow any guidelines 'cause too many niggas ride mine
so i change styles every two rhymes


hah, what the fuck
that's 22 two's for y'all motherfuckers out there, nahmean?
shall i continue? check it out, what?


copped to reach my quota, push rock, roll up smooth like on ya
whole groove like hold-up, swoll up
too many faggot niggas clockin' my spendin'
exercisin' your gay-like minds like richard simmons
if you could catch jay right, on the late night
without the eight, right, maybe you could test my weight, right
i dip, spit quicker than you ever seen
administer pain, next the minister's screamin' your name
at your wake as i peek in, look in your casket
feelin' sarcastic, "look at him, still sleepin'"
you never ready, forever petty minds stay petty
mine's thinkin' longevity until i'm seventy
livin' heavenly, fuck, felony after felony, what?
nigga you broke, what the fuck you going to tell me?


jay-z, jay-z, now you know this is a phat track (aight)
now this is comin' on your new album, on roc-a-fella records in '96?
(no doubt, no doubt)
well, it is definitely the bomb! but you know i do wanna say somethin' to you, i know you've been havin' a lot of problems with the law
but i know you innocent, and i'm behind you 100%
mad wednesdays, ruby king, dj ace, dame dash, roc-a-fella records, we all behind you, you can come back any time!
(hah, thanks a lot)
wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, ace, turn that music down. i smell some reefer, now you see? that's why, our people don't have anything, because we don't know how to go in places and act properly
(hey, shut the fuck up!)
wait a minute, wait a minute, who told me shut the eff up? who told me to shut the eff up? get him out of here! i'm not gonna continue this show, until you throw him out! get him out right now, then i'ma continue my speech!
thank you, he's out of here now, now like i was sayin'... we gotta build our own businesses, we gotta get our own record companies goin' like roc-a-fella records, we got to put money back into our own community...

fox brown (what, what)
ha-ha-ha (yeah, jay-z, what)


i keep it fresher than the next, bitch
no need for you to ever sweat the next bitch (aha)
with speed, i make the best bitch see the exit, indeed
you gotta know you're thoroughly respected by me
you get the keys to the lexus with no driver (what)
you got your own '96 somethin' to ride (ride)
and keep your ass tight up in versace, that's why
you gotta watch your friends, you got to watch me, they connivin'
shit, the first chance to crack the bank, they try me
all they get is 50 cent franks and papayas
from the village to the telly, time to kill it on your belly no question
had more black chicks between my sheets than "essence" (what)
they say sex is a weapon
so when i shoot, meet your death in less than 8 seconds
still poundin' in my afterlife
laughin', my shit is tight, who you askin', right?


ain't no nigga like the one i got
no one can fuck you better
sleeps around but he gives me a lot
keeps you in diamonds and leathers
friends'll tell me i should leave you alone
​​​hah-hah (​​​hah-hah), hah-hah (​​​hah-hah)
tell the freaks to find a man of their own (yeah, right)
man of their own, man of their own (yeah, yeah)


fresh to death in mo-schi-no (aha), coach bag
lookin' half black and filipino, fakin' no jacks
got you a beeper to feel important, surroundin' your feet
in joan & david and charles jourdan, i keep you dove, but love
you know these hoes be makin' me weak
y'all knows how it goes, b, and so i creep
i've been sinnin' since you been playin' with barbie and ken and
you can't change a player's game in the 9th inning
the chrome rim spinnin' keeps them grinnin'
so i run way the fuck up in 'em and wrinkle they face like linen
i play hard until they say, "god
he's keepin' it real, jigga stay hard"
lord, don't even trip, shit, i never slip
nigga, get a grip, what you don't see is what you get (what)
weapons concealed, what the fuck y'all feel
when you niggas play sick (foxy brown) we can all get ill (deal)


what the deal? ain't no nigga like the one i got
no one can fuck you better
sleeps around but he gives me a lot
keeps you in diamonds and leathers
friends'll tell me i should leave you alone
​​​hah-hah (​​​hah-hah), hah-hah (​​​hah-hah)
tell the freaks to find a man of their own (hah, hah)
man of their own, man of their own (right, right)


yo, ain't no stoppin' this, no lie
promise to stay monogamous, i try
but, love, you know these hoes be makin' me weak
y'all know how it goes, b, so i stay deep
what up, boo? just keep me laced in the illest snakes
bank rolls and shit, back rubs in the french tubs
mackin' this bitch, wifey nigga
so when you flip that coke, remember the days you was dead broke
but now you style and i raised you, basically made you
into a don, flippin' weight, her-on and shit
you know the pussy is all that
that's why i get baguettes, 5 carats and all that
from dolce gabbana to h bendel, i'm ringin' bells
so who the player? i still keep you in the illest gators
tailor-made so we can lay up in the shade reminiscin'
on how i fuck the best and shit
especially when i'm sippin' baileys
don't give a fuck about how you move with them other mamis
i push the z, eatin' shrimp scampi with rocks larger than life
fuck them reebok broads, you made it known who your wife was
i got you frontin' in armani sweaters
before this rap shit, when you was in leathers and bullshit berettas
and e classes with mo in the glasses
shows in cali with all the flavor suede bally's
now all your mens is up in your benz's
high post, i swear you be killin' me, playin' inside my pubic hairs
i never worry about them other chicks
'cause you proved who was your wiz
when you was spendin' that bitch
i took a little when you was up north, your commissary stay pilin'
how you livin' large on the island?
all them collects have me vexed, but when you come home
knew i was comin' off with half of them checks
now we on the rise
your diamond mami with the slanted eyes
holdin' this grip, cocked the en glee-kay and shit
fucks no, i see half of that dough
made you into a star, pushin' hundred-thousand-dollar cars


ain't no nigga like the one i got (ah, baby, foxy brown)
no one can fuck you better (jay-z nigga)
sleeps around but he gives me a lot
keeps you in diamonds and leathers
friends'll tell me i should leave you alone
​​​hah-hah (​​​hah-hah), hah-hah (​​​hah-hah)
tell the freaks to find a man of their own (jay-z, jay-z)
man of their own, man of their own (foxy brown, foxy brown)
ain't no nigga like the one i got
no one can fuck you better
sleeps around but he gives me a lot
keeps you in diamonds and leathers
friends'll tell me i should leave you alone

okay, i'm reloaded
you motherfuckers think you big time?
fuckin' with jay-z, you gon' die, big time
here come ''the pain''
jigga (jigga)
bigga (bigga)
nigga, how you figure? (how you figure?)
yeah, yeah, yeah


a-yo, peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (uh-huh)
the number one question is can the feds get us? (uh-huh)
i got vendettas in dice games against ass bettors (uh-huh)
and niggas who pump wheels and drive jettas
take that wit' ya!


hit ya! back-split ya! (uh)
fuck fist fights and lame scuffles (uh!)
pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle (woo!)
shoot your daughter in the calf muscle (mmm-hmm)
fuck a tussle, nickel-plated
sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug-related (haha)
most hated


can't fade it (uh)
while y'all pump, willie (what?), i run up and stunt silly (uh-huh)
scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me (uh)
but on the con-trilli, i packs the mac-milli
squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin' soft on him
"what's ya name?"


jay-z, big smalls, nigga, shit your drawers
brooklyn represent y'all, hit, you fold
you crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me?
i'm from marcy, i'm varsity, chump, you're jv
jigga
jay-z
biggie, baby (uh)
my bed-stuy flow's malicious, delicious
fuck three wishes, made my road to riches
from 62's, gemstars, my mom's dishes (uh)
gram choppin', police van dockin'
d's at my doors knockin' (what?)
keep rockin', yeah!
no more mr. nice guy, i twist ya shit
the fuck back with the pistols.. blazin'!
hot like cajun (uh)
hotter than even holdin' work at the days inn
with new york plates outside
get up out of there, fuck the ride!


keep your hands high, shit gets steeper (uh)
here comes the grim reaper, frank white
need the keys to your innkeeper (that's right)
chill, homie, the bitch in the shoney's told me
you're holdin' more drugs than a pharmacy
you ain't harmin' me, so pardon me
pass the safe, before i blaze the place
and here's six shots just in case
(brooklyn-lyn-lyn)

jay-z and biggie smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(where you from?) brooklyn goin' out to all!
(crown heights, uh) you don't stop!
(brownsville) you won't stop! (nigga!)
(brooklyn, brooklyn, brooklyn, haha)
jay-z and biggie smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(where we from?) brooklyn goin' out to all
(bushwick) you don't stop!
(fort greene) you won't stop! (niggas)
yeah, yeah, yeah


for '96, the only mc with a flu
yeah, i rhyme sick, i be what you're tryin' to do
made a fortune off peru, extradite, china white, heroin
nigga, please, like short sleeves, i bear arms (umm)
stay out my way from here on (clear?) gone! (uh)
me and gutta had two spots
the two-for-five dollar hits, the blue tops (uh-huh)
gotta go, coolio mean it's gettin' too hot
if faith have twins, she'd probably have two pacs (uh, uh)
get it? (uh) 2 pac's?


time to separate the pros from the cons
(and the..) the platinum from the bronze
that butter-soft shit from that leather on the fonz (uh)
a s1 diamond from a i class don
a chandon sipper from a rosé nigga, huh?
brook-nam, sippin' on
cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather (uh)
the m.a.f.i.a. keep cannons in they marc buchanan's (uh)
usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow
tossin' ya, mad slugs through your nautica
i'm warnin' ya! (ha, what the fuck?)



bounce.. bounce, bounce, jay-z huh?
yeah, yeah, yeah, roc-a-fella y'all, ha ha
bounce, bounce, bounce, roc-a-fella y'all
check, check


yo, i'm making short term goals when the weather folds
just put away the leathers, and put ice on the gold
chilly with enough bail money to free a big willie
high stakes, i got more at stake than philly
shopping sprees, cop in three
deuce fever is's fully loaded, ah, yes
bouncing in the lex luger, tires smoke like buddha
50 g's to the crap shooter, niggas can't fade me
chrome socks beaming
through my peripheral i see you scheming
stop dreaming, i leave your body steaming
niggas is fiending, what's the meaning?
i'm leaning on any nigga intervening
with the sound of my money machining (brrrr)
my cup runneth over with hundreds
i'm one of the best niggas that done it, six digits and running
y'all niggas don't want it!
i got the godfather flow, the don juan demarco
swear to god, don't get it fucked up!

i'm taking out this time (yeah, yeah, what)
to give you a piece of my mind
('cause you can't knock the hustle)
who do you think you are?
baby, one day you'll be a star


last seen out of state where i drop my sling
i'm deep in the south, kicking up top game
bouncing on the highway, switching fo' lanes
screaming through the sunroof, money ain't a thang
your worst fear confirmed
me and my fam roll tight like the firm
getting down for life, that's right, you better learn
why play with fire? you burn
we get together like a choir, to acquire what we desire
we do dirt like worms, produce g's like sperm
'til legs spread like germs
i got extensive hoes with expensive clothes
and i sip fine wines and spit vintage flows
what y'all don't know?
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, 'cause you can't knock the hustle


but until then lately, i'm the one who's crazy?
'cause that's the way you're making me feel
('cause you can't knock the hustle)
the way you make me feel
i'm just trying to get mine, i don't have the time
to knock the hustle for real


yo, y'all niggas lunching, punching the clock
my function is to make much and lay back munching
sipping remy on the rocks, my crew something to watch
nothing to stop, un-stoppable
scheme on the ice, i gotta hot your crew
i gotta, let you niggas know the time like movado
my motto, stack rocks like colorado
waddle off the champagne, cristals by the bottle
it's a damn shame what you're not though, (who?) me!
slick like a gato, fucking jay-z
my pops knew exactly what he did when he made me
tried to get a nut, and he got a nut, and.. what!?
straight bananas; can a nigga see me?
got the us open, advantage jigga
serve like sampras, play fake rappers like a campus
le tigre, son, you're too eager
you ain't having it? good! me either
let's get together and make this whole world believe us, huh?
at my arraignment, screaming
all us blacks got is sports and entertainment, until we even
thieving, as long as i'm breathing
can't knock the way a nigga eating, fuck you even!



hah, hah, hah, hah, yeah, yeah
what it is player?
(you player, it's all about you
how you gon' say that man)
if i had your hand i'd turn mine in
(far as i'm concerned, if i had your hand, i cut mines off)
hah man, you know man, i'm just dealing that hoe money
you know hoe money is slow money but it's sho' money
(check this out man, you run up on your bitches
this is what you tell 'em
stick they hands in they panties, grab that knot
stick they arm in a car window, drop it like it's hot)


uhh, i talk jewels and spit diamonds: all cherry
like a hymen, when i'm rhyming with remarkable timing
caviar and silk dreams, my voice is linen
spitting venom up in the minds of young women
mink thoughts to think thoughts type similar
might you remember, my shit is cold like december
smoother than persian rugs, the cashmere
chromosomes make a nigga jigga - jay-z, lethal drugs
18-carat gold pen, when it hits the sheets
words worth a million like i'm rapping them through platinum teeth
i got the grey poupon, you been warned
'cause all beef return well done filet mignon
the don, smell of dom on my breath as i
yawn, (slow) when you hoes try to con a pro
as if you didn't know, jay's about getting dough
spitting flow like fine wine down your earlobe
i'm smooth but deadly like a pearl handled pistol
honeys hum in melody when i rub it like crystal
the proper etiquette when i drop the subject verb
then the predicate with this rich nigga rhetoric
i'm solid gold, i rap like a mink stole
i stick pearl tongues your world'll never know
from new york to paris, the vocal style vary
from nice to deadly like a bad bag of d, now
notice the child swift like a lotus
focus on the loc', i be the greatest nigga that wrote it
return of the jedi from rio de janeiro on the red eye
yet i still feel the need to be fly
i did die when i'm rapping then slide like satin
you know the black i white china in the brain cabinet
i never cry if i did i'd cry ice
from my nigga sauce, i hit you with this advice
life's short, so play hard and stick hard
and the only time you love them is when your dick hard


whoooh! (that's cashmere baby)
nah, you know, that's just laid back man
(man, shit, j to the a to the y to the z)
cashmere baby
(motherfucking pimp that's what he be)
cashmere baby
(it don't get no hotter than that baby)
sho' yo right, sho' yo right
(them niggas know)


check it out, check it out
ghetto's errol flynn, hot like heroin
young pimps is sterile when i pimp through your borough and
i gotta keep your tricks intact
'cause i walk like a pimp, talk like a mack, man
the star player, the golden bar layer
the sweet ms. fine thing puh-layah, sho' yo right
i'm game tight, so why should it change tonight?
go tell your peeps dog i'm lethal until it ain't right
i pimp hard on a trick, look
fuck if your leg broke bitch, hop up on your good foot

yeah...
come experience... life as we know it
as some of you should know it
place: marcy, brooklyn
actions: well, y'all know the actions


uhh, i got this shorty on my block always clocking my rocks
he likes the style and profile i think he wanna mock
he likes the way i walk, he see my money talking
to honies hawking, i'm the hottest nigga in new york and
i see his hunger pains, i know his blood boils
he wanna run with me, i know this kid'll be loyal
i watched him make a few ends, to cop his little sneakers and gear
then it's just enough for re-up again
i see myself in his eyes, i moved from levi's
to guess to versace, now it's diamonds like liberace
that's just the natural cycle
nobody want to be like michael where i'm from
just them niggas who bounced from a gun
we out here trying to make hard white into cohhhhld green
i can help shorty blow out like afro-sheen
plus i can relive my days of youth which is gone
that little nigga's peeps, it's time to put him on


it's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
it's time to come up (stick up my chest, and make some loot)
gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)


it's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
it's time to come up (stick up my chest, and make some loot)
gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)


hey fella i been watching you clocking
who me? holding down this block? it ain't nothing
you the man nigga, now stop fronting
hahah, i like your style (nah, i like your style)
let's drive around awhile! cool, nigga
here's a thou', a g? i ride with you for free
i want the long-term riches and bitches
have it all, now listen to me
you let them other niggas get the name, skip the fame
ten thou' or a hundred g keep your shit the same
(on the low?) yeah, the only way to blow
you let your shit bubble quietly (and then you blow!)
kid, keep your cool
the only way to peep a fool is let him show his hand
then you play your cards, then he through dealing i understand
don't blow your dough on hotties
the only thing i got in this world is my word and my nuts
and won't break 'em for nobody
hah, i like your résumé, pick a day, you can start
from now until death do us part, nigga (right!)


it's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
it's time to come up (and stick up my chest, and make some loot)
gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)
it's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
it's time to come up ( and stick up my chest, and make some loot)
gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)

rock.. on, roc-a-fella y'all


while others spit that wonderama shit, me and my conglomerate
shall remain anonymous, caught up in the finest shit
live out my dreams until my heart give out
involved with cream, you know exactly what this shit's about
fuck y'all mean? handlin' since a teen, i dish out
like the point guard off your favorite team, without doubt
my life ain't rosy but i roll with it
my mind was fine till the dough hit it and told me that the mo' did it
and now it's kosher, shit is so hasidic
i blow a digit on a diamond in a minute but, no bitches
watch how i'm walkin', 'cause even the thoroughest niggas be narc'in
tryin' to strike a bargain, hopin' that they might get pardoned
shit i'm involved with got me pins and needles
and my cerebral breeds the wickedest evil, thoughts that this sport'll feed you
peep facts, in the game so deep fiends could catch a
freeze off my kneecap, can y'all believe that?
got the city drinkin' cristals, re-up the fee
rappers goin' broke tryin' to keep up with me
my rise to riches surprised the bitches: think harder
you know this nigga: jay-z, shawn carter
g.s. the fuck up, dree-ess the fuck up
watch me shine like a breitling, breguets the fuck up
all rhymers forget it like alzheimer's
small timers, i said it, i'm addressin' all drama
talk to me!


so sick of niggas
"i want money like cosby" – who wouldn't?
this the kinda talk that make me think you probably ain't got no puddin'
niggas got them kinda dreams from jail
you in the streets, nigga, make your moves, get your mail
niggas'll coast in the sl but can't post bail
niggas'll roast a l, but scared to throw your toast, well
i'm here to tell niggas it ain't all swell
there's heaven, then there's hell, niggas
one day you're cruisin' in your 7, next day, you're sweatin', forgettin' your lies
alibis ain't matchin' up, bullshit catchin' up
hit with the rico, they repo your vehicle
everything was all good just a week ago
'bout to start bitchin', ain't you? ready to start snitchin', ain't you?
i'll forgive your weak-ass: hustlin' just ain't you
aside from the fast cars, honies that shake they ass at bars
you know you wouldn't be involved
with the underworld dealers, carriers of mac-millers
east coast bodiers, west coast cap-peelers
little monkey niggas turn gorillas
stopped in the station, filled up on octane, and now they not sane
and not playin', that goes without sayin'
slayin' day in and day out, when money play in, then they play you out
tryin' to escape my own mind, lurkin' the enemy
representin' infinity with presidencies, you know?



rock on, roc-a-fella y'all
the saga continues (what the fuck?)


ahh, who wanna bet us that we don't touch lettuce?
stack cheddars forever, live treacherous, all the et ceteras
to the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine
you feel the ambiance, y'all niggas just rhyme
by the ounce, dough accumulates like snow
we don't just shine, we illuminate the whole show, you feel me?
factions from the other side would love to kill me
spill three quarts of my blood into the street, let alone the heat
fuck 'em, they hate a nigga lovin' his life
in all possible ways, know the feds is buggin' my life
hospital days, reflectin' when my man laid up
on the uptown hot block, he got his side sprayed up
i saw his life slippin', this is a minor setback
yo, still in all we livin', just dream about the get-back
that made him smile, though his eyes said, "pray for me"
i'll do you one better and slay these niggas faithfully
murder is a tough thing to digest, it's a slow process (mm)
and i ain't got nothin' but time
i had near brushes, not to mention
three shots, close range, never touched me, divine intervention
can't stop i, from drinkin' mai-tai's, with ty-ty
down in nevada, haha, poppa, word life
i dabbled in crazy weight without rap, i was crazy straight
partner, i'm still spendin' money from '88, what?


yeah, know what?
i'll make, you and your wack mans fold like bad hands
roll like monopoly, advance
you're coppin' me like white crystal
i gross the most at the end of the fiscal year than these niggas can wish to
the dead presidential candidate
with the sprinkles and the presidential ice that'll offend you
in due time when crime flees my mind
all sneak thieves and player haters can shine
but until then, i keep the trilliant cut diamonds shinin' brilliant (uh)
i'll tell you half the story, the rest, you fill it in
long as the villain win
i spend japan yen, attend major events
catch me in the joints, convinced my iguanas is bitin'
j-a-y hyphen, controllin', manipulatin'
i got a good life, man, pounds and pence
'nough dollars make sense, while you ride the bench
catch me swingin' for the fence
dead presidents, ya know? uh-huh


haha, yeah (haha) yeah, so be it
the soviet, the unified steady flow
you already know, you light, i'm heavy, roll heavy dough
mic-macheted your flow
your paper falls slow like confetti, mine's a steady grow, perico
pay 580 for blow, better believe i have 1160 to show
my dough flip like tae-kwon
jay-z the icon, baby, you like dom?
maybe this cristals'll change your life, huh? roll with the winners
heavy spinners like hit records, roc-a-fella
don't get it corrected, this shit is perfected
from chips to chicks to strippin' in lexus
naked without your gun, we takin' everything you brung
we cakin', you niggas is fakin', we gettin' it done
crime family, well-connected, jay-z
and you fake thugs is unplugged like mtv
i empty three, take your treasure, my pleasure
dead presidentials, politics as usual—blaow!



this shit is wicked on these mean streets
none of my friends speak, we're all tryna win
but then again, maybe it's for the best though
'cause when they're seein' too much
you know they're tryna get you touched
whoever said illegal was the easy way out
couldn't understand the mechanics
and the workings of the underworld, granted
nine-to-five is how you survive, i ain't tryna survive
i'm tryna live it to the limit and love it a lot
life ills poisoned my body, i used to say fuck mic skills
i never prayed to god, i prayed to gotti
that's right, it's wicked – that's life, i live it
ain't askin' for forgiveness for my sins, ends
i break bread with the late heads
pickin' their brains for angles on all the evils that the game'll do
it gets dangerous, money and power is changin' us
and now we're lethal, infected with d'evils


we used to fight for building blocks
now we fight for blocks with buildings that make a killin'
the closest of friends when we first started
but grew apart as the money grew and soon grew black-hearted
thinkin' back when we first learned to use rubbers
he never learned, so in turn i'm kidnappin' his baby's mother
my hand around her collar, feedin' her cheese
she said the taste of dollars was shitty, so i fed her fifties
about his whereabouts i wasn't convinced
i kept feedin' her money 'til her shit started to make sense
who could ever foresee?
we used to stay up all night at slumber parties
now i'm tryna rock his bitch to sleep
all the years we were real close
now i see his fears through her tears
know she's wishin' we were still close
don't cry, it is to be
in time i'll take away your miseries and make it mine
d'evils


my flesh no nigga could test, my soul is possessed
by d'evils in the form of diamonds and lexuses
the exorcist got me doin' sticks
like, "homie, you don't know me
but the whole world owe me, strip!"
was thought to be a pleasant guy all my fuckin' life
so now i'm down for whatever, ain't nothin' nice
throughout my junior high years it was all friendly
but now this higher learning got the remy in me
liquor's invaded my kidneys
got me ready to lick off – momma, forgive me
i can't be held accountable, d'evils beatin' me down, boo
got me runnin' with guys, makin' g's, tellin' lies that sound true
come test me, i never cower
for the love of money, son, i'm givin' lead showers
stop screamin', you know the demon said it's best to die
and even if jehovah witness, bet he'll never testify
d'evils



ha ha, ha ha
what.. '96 and forever
rok-a-blok, roc-a-fella
yeah, keep it realer than most
marcy, brooklyn... yeah

i keep it realer than most, i know you feeling it
cristal's on ice, i like to toast, i keep on spilling it
bone crushers i keep real close, i got the skill for this
on my back the flyest clothes, looking ill as shit
transactions illegitimate 'cause life is still a bitch
and then you die but for now, life, close your eyes and feel this dick
since diapers, had nothing to live for like them lifers but
making sure every nigga stay rich within my cipher
we paid the price to circle us, success, they turned my mic up
i'm 'bout to hit these niggas with some shit that'll light ya life up
if every nigga in your clique is rich, your clique is rugged
nobody will fall 'cause everyone will be each others crutches
i hope you fools choose to listen, i drop jewels, bust it
these are the rules i follow in my life, you gotta love it
jiggy-jigga looking gully in the joint
if y'all niggas ain't talking 'bout large money, what's the point?


even if it ain't sunny, hey, i ain't complaining
i'm in the rain doing a buck 40, hydroplaning, what, shorty?
(where you disappear to, son?) maintaining
putting myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in
i'm living, the ill streets' blues got you hunger pang-in'
nothing to gain and a whole lot to lose, you still singing, fool
i'm thorough, in every borough, my name be ringing
warming it up for the perfect time to hit your brain, and
ya feelin' it? to all the girls that bought a girdle to conceal my bricks
no doubt, they can vouch my life is real as shit
'95 south and papi on the hill and shit
and all the towns like cambridge that i killed with, shit
and all the thorough-ass niggas that i hustle with
throw your joints in the air one time and bust your shit
these fake rappers can't really know i'm loving it, you feeling it?


what, y'all ain't heard that nigga jay hot?
the cristals they keep me wet like baywatch
i keep it tight for all the nights my momma prayed i'd stop
said she had dreams that snipers hit me with a fatal shot
those nightmares, ma, those dreams that you say you've got
give me the chills but these mills, well, they make me hot
y'all don't feel me, enough to stop the illing right?
but at the same time these dimes keep me feeling tight
i'm so confused, okay i'm getting weeded now
i know i contradicted myself, look, i don't need that now
it's just once in a blue when there's nothing to do
and the tension gets too thick for my sober mind to cut through
i get to zoning: me and the chick on the island and then we're boning
i free my mind sometimes i hear myself moaning
take one more toke and i leave that weed alone, man
it got me going, shit

hook
if you want it (baby)
we got it (baby)
if you want it (make it happen everyday of you're life, baby)
we got it (baby)
if you want it (baby)
we got it (baby)
if you want it (every night)
we got it (baby)
(jay-z: what the fuck)


roc-a-fella gang, suit up
stay fly from the boot up
like, computer
till you die get you're loot up
do what you like, it's still in me
when assets become liability's
back to dealing g's
but feeling these
to bomb like lebanese
forever cheese
i'm dead stain to blow and lit like gas lane(?)
vast game, live out my life like a movie
till the last rain, blasting the ooze, till i'm woozy
gordo at $12.99 a cd
jay-z & tone hooker is ???
blasting in the auto
the crystal got me thinking about more though
watch out girl, if i needed
i can't be stopped, won't be defeated
i come to take you're shit you gotta leave it
if i want it i got the guns for it player run it
ready to die, roc-a-fella style for a couple of hundreds
fowl, nothing less than six digits out my mouth (uh-huh)
if i ain't platinum soon then it's back down south (say what)
ill built like whatever y'all i'm back on the set
came to claim what i left because my name still rep
even though, player ain't been seen, been on the low
except on the screen (uh), tryna blow up my flow
it's an all out thing, no time to front
we make it happen, yeah we go it locked down
fuck y'all want






for all y'all laughing dudes
trying to knock this get money music


yeah, we talking 'bout
getting this cake and what not
but i'll tell you what
what ever heads you know, struggling
and ain't trying to get money
you keep them cats away from me
you understand, ha

you know how we do
roc-a-fella... forever...


you can catch me
skatin' through your town, puttin' it down, y'all relatin'
no waitin', i'll make your block infrared hot: i'm like satan
y'all feel a nigga's struggle, y'all think a nigga love to
hustle behind the wheel, tryin' to escape my trouble
kids stop they greetin' me, i'm talking sweet to keys
cursin' the very god that brought this grief to be
my life is based on sacrifices, jewels like isis
and fools that think i slip, you fuck around
you get your guys hit, they built me to be filthy
on some i-do-or-die shit, for real
the price of leather's got me, deeper than ever and
just think, winter's here, i'm tryin' to feel mink, nig-ga


politics as usual


i took my frito to tito in the district
blessed me with some vs
somethings i can live with: stop frontin'
and for the dough i raise, gotta get shit appraised
no disrespect to you, make sure your word is true
i'm takin' wages down in vegas just in case tyson
have a major night off, that's clean money, the tax write-off
you ain't seen money in your life, when it
comes to this cheese y'all like three blind mice
i'm smokin' bros who pump willie, i expose
the furthest you chiles been is the poconos
my portfolio reads: leads to don corleone, nigga please
10-year felon, heavy on the wrist, i faze yous
with the diamond flooded jesus and blind your facials
for life... it's right, jigga, i keep it tight, nig-ga


politics as usual


you feel my triumph never - feel my pain
i'm lyin' low in the leathers, i am, the best that's ever came
the game changes like my mind just ain't right
rewind get this dough, i guess it ain't your night
suckin' me in like a vacuum, i remember
tellin' my family: "i'll be back soon"; that was december
'85 and jay-z rise 10 years later
got me wise still can't break my underworld ties
i wear black a lot, in the ac', act a lot
got matchin' vcr's, a huge magnavox
ten inch, green like spinach, pop wines that's vintage
it's a lot of big money in my sentence
hittin' towards a mil', lip a, written i kill like that
check baby one-two cat, yeah, i do that
ain't no stoppin' the champagne from poppin'
the drawers from droppin', the law from watchin', i hate 'em


politics as usual

stress...
sunshine, shade, geyeah


i sold it all, from crack to opium
in third person, i don't wanna see 'em
so i'm rehearsin' with my peoples how to g 'em
from a remote location in the bm
scopin' the whole situation, like, "damn!"
metamorphic, as the dope turns to cream
but one of these buyers got eyes like a korean
it's difficult to read 'em
the windows to his soul were half closed, i put the key in
pulled off slow, hopin' my people fleein'
chink tried to knock the only link that tied me in
coppers was watchin' us through nighttime binoculars
this time they got us on tape, exchangin' dope for dollars
make me wanna holler back at the crib in the sauna
prayin' my people bailed out like time warner
awaitin' a call, from his kin, not the coroner
phone in my hand, nervous confined to a corner
beads of sweat, second thoughts on my mind
how can i ease the stress and learn to live with these regrets?
(this time, stress, givin' this shit up, fuck)


this is the number one rule for your set
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
on the rise to the top many drop, don't forget
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
this is the number one rule for your set
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
if through our travels we get separated, never forget
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets


as sure as this earth is turnin', souls burnin'
in search of higher learnin', turnin' in every direction, seekin' direction
my mom's cryin', because her insides are dyin'
her son tryin' her patience, keep her heart racin'
a million beats a minute, i know i push you to your limit
but it's this game love, i'm caught up all in it
they make it so you can't prevent it
never give it, you gotta take it, can't fake it, i keep it authentic
my hand got this pistol shakin'
'cause i sense danger like camp crystal lake and
don't wanna shoot him, but i got him trapped within this infrared dot
about to hot him and hit rock bottom
no answers to these trick questions, no time, shit's stressin'
my life found i got to live for the right now
time waits for no man, can't turn back the hands
once it's too late, got to learn to live with regrets


you used to hold me, told me that i was the best
anything in this world i want i could possess
all that made me want is all that i could get
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
(when i was young) you used to hold me
told me i was the best
anything in this world i want i could possess
all that made me want is all that i could get
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets

i found myself reminiscin', remember this one?
when he was here he was crazy nice with his, son
i miss him, long as i'm livin' he's livin' through memories
he's there to kill all my suicidal tendencies
in heaven lookin' over me, or in hell keepin' it cozy
i'm comin', life on these streets ain't what it's supposed to be
remember newton, mutual friend? well, me and him feudin'
on your life i tried to talk to him
but you know niggas, think they guns can stop four niggas
frontin' like they're big willie but really owe niggas
hoe niggas, this year i'll show niggas — think i'm slippin'?
i'm about to send you a roommate, no bullshittin'
but my hustle's goin' too well to hit him
you was right, niggas want you to be miserable with them
anyway, i ain't tryin' to hear it, i think i'm touched
this whole verse i been talkin' to your spirit a little too much


this is the number one rule for your set
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
on the rise to the top many drop, don't forget
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
this is the number one rule for your set
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
if through our travels we get separated, never forget
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
this is the number one rule for your set
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
on the rise to the top many drop, don't forget
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
this is the number one rule for your set
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
if through our travels we get separated, never forget
in order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets


roc-a, roc-a, roc-a, roc-a-fella y'all
