
uh-huh
that's right
it was all good just a week ago
uh-huh-uh, it was all good just a week ago
last week i had everything
uh, uh-huh-uh, had this all good just a week ago
i had the money.. had the cars, the bitches
uh-huh, yeah, it was all good just a week ago
and the jewelry..
and then my motherfuckin' niggas started snitchin'
uh-huh, uh uh, yo, yo
beatch!

growin' up in the hood, just my dog and me
we used to hustle in the hood for all to see
problems; i called on him, he called on me
we wasn't quite partners, i hit him off my p
let him unlock doors off my keys
yeah, we spoke, much more than cordially
man, he broke bread with me, my business spread swiftly
the feds came to get me, we both fled quickly
wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me
got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed
used to call me from the joint 'til he ran out of change
and when he called collect and i heard his name
i quickly accepted, but when i reached the phone
he's talkin' reckless, i can sense deceit in his tone
i said: "damn, dog! what, nine weeks and you're home?"
he said: "main man, you think shit's sweet 'cause you're home."
i just sat, spat no more speech in the phone
them crackers up there bleachin' your dome, you're reachin'
i said: "the world don't stop, i got to keep, keep on."
from there i sensed the beef was on
i ran to the spy store to add some more features on my phone
to see if i had bugs and leeches on my phone
can't be too safe, ‘cause niggas is two-faced
and they show the other side, when they catch a new case
it's on


it was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
and you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
i don't see how this side of you could be provoked
uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
funny what seven days can change
a stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
it was all good just a week ago


like i put the toast to your head and made you sell
we both came in this game, blind as hell
i did a little better, had more clientele
told you put away some cheddar, now you cryin' for bail
seventeen and i'm holdin' on to around a mill'
i could bail out, blow trial and come around on appeal
had niggas thinkin' i was from uptown for real
i had so much hustle, plus i was down to ill
like a brooklyn nigga, straight out of brownsville
down and dirty, down to fight to round 30
freezin' on them corners, still holdin' my crack
lookin' up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at?
came from flat broke to lettin' the dough stack
you tell them feds i said: "i'm never going back"
i'm from marcy, and marcy don't raise no rats
you know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious


it was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
and you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
i don't see how this side of you could be provoked
uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
funny what seven days can change
a stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
shit was all good just a week ago


the lawyer i retained you said you leakin' some things
all this after a week in the bing
i'm mad at myself, 'cause i didn't spot the weakling
i would've bet the house you wouldn't speak a thing
nigga, this was the oath, to the top or broke
even pricked our finger, anything that got between us
we supposed to cock the ninas, what happened to that?
instead you copped out to a misdemeanor
fuck it, the same thing make you laugh make you cry (that's right)
the same game that make you math could make you die
(that's life) it's a dice game, and sometimes you crap
who would've thought you'd get popped one time and rat?
now you know that's bad when your sister is mad
and your son gotta grow up, like, "this is my dad?"
the labeling of a snitch is a lifetime scar
you'll always be in jail, nigga, just minus the bars


it was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
and you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
i don't see how this side of you could be provoked
uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
funny what seven days can change
a stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
it was all good just a week ago


shit is crazy man
all these niggas out here snitchin'
we was one step away from takin' this crack money
and recyclin' it through the ghettos
and buildin' back up our own hoods
now all you niggas start snitchin' on each other
i got partners doin' 15-20
wouldn'ta been doin' shit
if you didn't snitch, beatch!
it's about time y'all check that shit out man
it ain't all good, shut your mouth
just watch the game
and don't snitch
we'd sure go a lot whole further
believe that baby
jay-z, short dawg's in the house mane
you know i got it
got it goin' on
we got the money
ain't got nuthin' to do with crime baby
but i'm recognizin'
you rat bastard!

what?
well fuck you...bitch
now can you bounce wit me, wit me, wit me wit me
can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, wit me wit me
can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ge-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi
can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ye-ye-yeah
uh-huh uh-huh bounce wit me, bounce wit me
can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
ya-yah-yah, ya-ya-yah-yeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi-geyeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
get it!


can i hit in the mornin' without givin' you half of my dough
and even worse, if i was broke would you want me
if i couldn't get you finer things like all of them diamond rings
bitches kill for would you still roll
if we couldn't see the sun risin' off the shore of thailand
would you ride then, if i wasn't driving
if i wasn't a eight-figure nigga by the name of jigga
would you come around me or would you clown me
if i couldn't flow futuristic, would ya
put your two lips on my wood and kiss it, could ya
see yourself with a nigga working hard at a nine to five
ten to six, two jobs to survive, or
do you need a baller, so you can shop and tear the mall up
brag, tell your friends what i bought ya
if you couldn't see yourself with a nigga when his dough is low
baby girl, if this is so, yo


can i get a fuck you
to these bitches from all of my niggas
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
can i get a woop woop
to these niggas from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggas without dubs
can i get a fuck you
to these bitches from all of my niggas
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
can i get a woop woop
to these niggas from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggas without dubs


can i get a fuck you
to these bitches from all of my niggas
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
can i get a woop woop
to these niggas from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggas without dubs
can i get a fuck you
to these bitches from all of my niggas
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
can i get a woop woop
to these niggas from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggas without dubs


can i get a fuck you
to these bitches from all of my niggas
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
can i get a woop woop
to these niggas from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggas without dubs
can i get a fuck you
to these bitches from all of my niggas
who don't love hoes, they get no dough
can i get a woop woop
to these niggas from all of my bitches
who don't got love for niggas without dubs


now can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me
ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi bounce wit me, bounce wit me
wit me wit me wit me bounce wit me, bounce wit me
bounce, bitch, bounce.. wit me wit me wit me wit me
can ya bounce wit me wit me
ge-gi, uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh
can ya bounce wit me bounce wit me
geyeah

uh-huh uh yeah, gi-gi-geyeah
time to come up, hold my own weight, defend my crown
gots to lock it down and when they rush -- part two
cocaine whiter now
operation is sweet
whole game tighter now
moving a brick a week
plus a nigga price is down
we them niggas to see
time to start the arising now
i don't know what's wrong with bleek


it seems, i'm like keenan, picking up on the vibe
that he ain't too happy, i could just see it in his eyes
i don't know if it's the chicks or how we dividing the loot
time to pay his ass a visit 'fore he decide to get cute
jumped out like a star with the flavest car
matching the gator shirt, softer than my next door neighbors
these young niggas think i fell out the loop
'cause the last time they seen me hopping out the coupe
i hopped out in a suit
look at this nigga jay fronting, trying to take my shine
i didn't say this verbally, just had some shit on my mind
plus i'm puffing like an ounce more than i used to puff
taking advice from these niggas but they ain't used to stuff
they had me thinking, "shit, i'm the one that moved the stuff
while he drive around town in brand new coupes and stuff"
swear to god, they had me practically hating his guts
as he approached i spoke, "jigga, whattup?"


i done came up (uhh), put my life on the line (uhh)
soaked the game up (yeah), now it's my time to shine
time to change up (what?), no more second in line
nine-eight, these streets is mine
(uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh)


look at that fake smile he just gave me, it's breaking my heart
should i school him or pull the tools out and just break him apart?
i felt his hatred it was harsh -- 'fore this faking shit start
i should take him in back of the building and blaze him
uh-oh, this nigga jay, he ain't slow, he musta picked up on the vibe
but had i not been so high, i woulda been able to hide
tried to cover up myself, as i gave him a five
hugged him as if i loved him, to the naked eye
it woulda seemed we was the closest, but to those that know us
could see that something was about to go down
stay focused, i'm trying to concentrate
but it's like he's reading my mind
as if he can see through this fog and all this weed in my mind
could he see i had plans on, being the man
ever since we first spoke and he put that g in my hand
and i gave it back to show him, i was down for the cause
as he approached ("whattup bleek?") and i paused


i done came up (uhh), put my life on the line (uhh)
soaked the game up (yeah), now it's my time to shine
time to change up (what?), no more second in line
nine-eight, these streets is mine
yeah, you done came up (uhh), put your life on the line (uhh)
soaked the game up (uhh), now it's yo' time to shine (yeah)
time to change up, no more second in line
nine-eight, these streets is mine


right, yo we wild out in vegas, styled on haters
mouthed off at the cops, outta cranberry drops
copped whips the same color, we tighter than brothers
with different fathers but same mothers, this life don't love us
so 'til death do us, i'm never breaking my bond
nigga, we lex movers, v-12 pushers
as i stand
one leg of my pants up, in a stance like, "and what?"
i know these niggas are feeding my mind cancer
but in time's the answer (woo!)
seems mind-blowing, this weed and hennessy
got my mind going, trust me nigga, i'm knowing
chicks used to ignore me
and my aunt saying i need 50, not 60/40
oh god, don't let him control y'all
your gun is my gun, your clip is my clip, baby
your fun is my fun (uh huh), your bitch is my bitch
any nigga trying to harm jay, i'm feeling for you
i ain't only touching you, i'm killing your crew
give it a year, you'll be sitting on a million or two
records sold, nigga, perfect your role, geah


i done came up (uhh), put my life on the line
soaked the game up (yeah), now it's my time to shine
time to change up (what?), no more second in line
nine-eight, these streets is mine (geah, geah)
i done came up (came up), put your life on the line (uhh)
soaked the game up (game up), now it's yo' time to shine
time to change up (change up), no more second in line
nine-eight, these streets is mine


yeah, you done came up, put your life on the line
soaked the game up, now it's yo' time to shine
time to change up, no more second in line
yeah, yeah
coming of age two, brand new

back again and back again
i went from marcy to hollywood
and back again, and back again


as a youth i used to hold the weed up
old heads said i thought more like a soldier than a leader
in order to succeed i had to slow my speed up
didn't listen to stuff took another puff of the cheeba
they said believe us or not trust is something you earn
with every mistake you make back to us you return
probably would go hollywood i thought he was joking
my first taste of fame i hit the first thing smoking
all engulfed into honies, the pussy was tight
if she threw the pussy right, i got mushy like
damn baby i love you take all my cash
"you ain't got to lie jay," you already gettin' the ass
she loved that i was a thug it turned her on
soon as i got soft, it turned her off
i got relaxed put my feet up start dissing my friends
and that's when the ceiling fell in


i went from marcy to hollywood
and back again, and back again
i went from marcy to hollywood
and back again, and back again


i came through with the shines
like the streets was blind
didn't master my algebra, no caliber
stick me? i was thinking how and for what
but reality bites like a thousand mutts
nothing worse than the person that's foul with guts
to stick you quicker...


from marcy to hollywood
and back again, and back again
from marcy to hollywood
and back again, and back again


i went from marcy to hollywood
and back again, back again
from marcy to hollywood
and back again, back again


uh huh uh geah since y'all niggas don't like to think
i'ma make it real easy for y'all
you got three different types of nigga
first cat, as a youth is real wild
for whatever reason he hit the money or whatever—cooled out
you got one cat that's ghetto, grimy always remained ghetto
you know that type
then, you got one cat very smart young man
e'rybody wanted him to be a lawyer doctor whatever
pressure drove him crazy, he wiled out, ha geah...
...marcy to hollywood
and back again, and back again
back again, beatch

take the bass line out
uh-huh, jigga
uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah
let it bump though


it's the hard knock life for us
it's the hard knock life for us
instead of treated, we get tricked
instead of kisses, we get kicked
it's the hard knock life!


from standin' on the corners, boppin'
to drivin' some of the hottest cars new york has ever seen
from droppin' some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard
from the dope spot, with the smoke glock
fleein' the murder scene, you know me well
from nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell
but since when y'all niggas know me to fail? fuck naw
where all my niggas with the rubber grips, bust shots
and if you with me, mama, rub on your tits, and what-not
i'm from the school of the hard knocks, you must not
let outsiders violate our blocks and my plot
let's stick up the world and split it 50/50, uh-huh
let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh-huh
and sip the cris' and get pissy-pissy
flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga biggie, baby!
you know it's hell when i come through
the life and times of shawn carter, nigga, volume 2
y'all niggas get ready!


it's the hard knock life for us
it's the hard knock life for us
instead of treated, we get tricked
instead of kisses, we get kicked
it's the hard knock life!


i flow for those 'dro'ed out
all my niggas locked down in the 10 by four, controllin' the house
we live in hard knocks
we don't take over, we borrow blocks
burn 'em down and you can have it back
daddy, i'd rather that
i flow for chicks wishin', they ain't have to strip to pay tuition
i see your vision, mama
i put my money on the longshots
all my ballers that's born to clock
know i'ma be on top whether i perform or not
i went from lukewarm to hot
sleepin' on futons and cots to king size
green machines, to green 5's
i've seen pies, let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills
then i put it down type braille
i'm tight grill with the phony
rappers, y'all might feel we homies
i'm like, "still, y'all don't know me."
shit, i'm tight grill when my situation ain't improvin'
i'm tryna murder everything movin' – feel me?


it's the hard knock life for us
it's the hard knock life for us
instead of treated, we get tricked
instead of kisses, we get kicked
it's the hard knock life!
it's the hard knock life for us
it's the hard knock life for us
instead of treated, we get tricked
instead of kisses, we get kicked
it's the hard knock life!


i don't know how to sleep, i gotta eat, stay on my toes
got a lotta beef, so logically, i prey on my foes
hustlin' is still inside of me, and as far as progress
you'd be hard-pressed to find another rapper hot as me
i gave you prophecy on my first joint, and y'all lamed out
didn't really appreciate it 'til the second one came out
so i stretched the game out, etched your name out
put jigga on top and dropped albums non-stop for ya, nigga!


it's the hard knock life for us
it's the hard knock life for us
instead of treated, we get tricked
instead of kisses, we get kicked
it's the hard knock life!

come on... life... death...
here... gone... yo


if i should die, don't cry, my niggas
just ride, my niggas, bust bullets in the sky, my niggas
and when i'm gone don't mourn, my niggas
get on, my niggas
when it's real say word to shawn, my niggas
if i should die...


don't cry, my niggas, it's been one hell of a ride, my niggas
in the middle of the drought, i flipped pies, my niggas
i did joints with mary j. blige, my niggas
i've eluded the coppers, got booted with big poppa
skated through with the caesar picadas
at high school got head by the lockers
gassed the baddest girl in the class to show me her knockers
rocked jewels, dropped school, still didn't fail
rhymes still written well, hold court in the street
never sit in the cell for a second then i'm gettin' my bail
shoot it out with the bounty hunters
fuck sittin' in the county for summers if they should down me
everybody around us become one for that day
to live life get your shit right and play
don't get it twisted like braids, if i'm missed it's okay
but life's short, don't miss a day, uhh


if i should die, don't cry, my niggas
just ride, my niggas, bust bullets in the sky, my niggas
and when i'm gone don't mourn, my niggas
get on, my niggas
when it's real say word to shawn, my niggas
if i should die...


... don't cry, my niggas
just ride, my niggas, bust bullets in the sky, my niggas
and when i'm gone don't mourn, my niggas
get on, my niggas
when it's real say word to shawn, my niggas
if i should die...


i'd tell big they're still hearin' his songs
run into pac ask him where we went wrong
tell him life is miserable when ya dealin' in the physical form
is everything that's invisible gone?
i need to know, will i still feel pain or will it be ironic?
will i chill in the flames for all the ills of my brain?
can i re, veal the game to all the hustlers
trapped in the race and if so can i leave this place?
can i puff cigars and drink cristal?
if this is heaven to me is this considered heavenly?
can i still touch lives, answer their "whats and whys"
make sure everybody in my fam' clutch five?
if i should die... don't cry, my niggas

yeah, uh-huh, watch this y'all
uhh, watch this y'all
c'mon, jigga, watch this y'all
c'mon, roc-a-fella y'all..
huh! watch this y'all
it's  kid capri and jay-z, come on!
it's jay-z and kid capri, don't stop, huh-huh!
'cause i'm like that y'all, yeah
i'm really like that


as a young'un, dumb and gun in the waist
sold crack to those who couldn't take the pain
and had to numb it with base
couldn't drink the henny straight, i needed somethin to chase
nowadays i throw shots back, leavin' nothin' to waste
life's like a treadmill, niggas runnin' in place
gettin' nowhere fast, a whole year done past
i vowed to never stop winnin', 'til the earth stop spinnin'
rock hot linen, cop hot cars and hot women
if it's not him then you got it confused, y'all not rememberin'
my motto is, simply "i will not lose!"
abide by the block rules, i buy my glocks used
with bodies on it, let me know anybody want it?
i'm raised, irrational, ways misunderstood
if you ain't live like i live, then one with the hood
i done what i could, to come up with this paper 'til this day still
run with the hood, guess it's part of my nature
if hell awaits a, nigga i'm comin' with the razors
still flashin' ya shit, try to pass me in a six
type classy on the wrist, every bit of 30 karats
this is, not a game this is not why i came
may these words find a spot on your brain and burn
then i recycle my life, i shall return


how tight is your flow? ('cause i'm like that yo)
how right is your dough?  ('cause i'm like that yo)
how white is your blow?  ('cause i'm like that yo)
only, write what you know  ('cause i'm like that)
how tight is your flow? (just like that yo)
how right is your dough? (just like that, huh)
how white is your blow? (uh huh, 'cause i'm like that)
only, write what you know (watch this, yeah, watch this yo)


i'm a hop skip and a jump from grippin' the pump
spittin' a couple of curse words, and hittin' you chump
shit, i get digits in lumps
i'm a motherfuckin' problem, is this what you want?
overachiever, i love chicks that puff cheeba in reefer paper
i hate the ones that blow up ya beeper
'cause i, go in deeper, i only bone divas
impregnate the world when i come through your speakers (ha ha!)
fuck hot, my records got the fever
niggas kick dirt, get ya whole block sweeped up
i creep up when the beef heats up
caught him with his feet up and shoes off, 'bout to snooze off
hatin', 'cause you can't turn the booze off
you dudes is too soft, why i don't fuck with you all
i might bark at x, or spit at the lox
but, other than that, i don't be fuckin' with cats
just me, ty and b-high, thug it like that
e, dame and biggs, what's fuckin' with that?
y'all can never diss jigga, get nothin' for that
other than a couple of slugs in ya back (ha ha)
rappers y'all, runnin' around like i won't gun ya down
last nigga that fronted, two shots spun him around
lord, accept this offerin' here's somethin' for your crown (please)
i meant no malice, i just met his challenge and won


how tight is your flow? ('cause i'm like that yo)
how right is your dough? (just like that yo)
how white is your blow? ('cause i'm like that yo)
only, write what you know (i'm just like that yo)
how tight is your flow? ('cause i'm like that yo)
how right is your dough? ('cause i'm like that yo)
how white is your blow? ('cause i'm like that yo)
only, write what you know (just like that yo)
how tight is your flow?
how right is your dough?
how white is your blow?
only, write what you know
how tight is your flow?
how right is your dough?
how white is your blow?
only, write what you know


put your hands up, put your hands in the air
put your hands up, get 'em up come on!
put your hands up, get your hands in the air
put your hands up, get 'em up, everybody put 'em up come on!
get 'em up come on!
you know what i'm sayin'
i'm built like that, you heard?
i'm whole another level, we can put it on, you know
jigga, kid capri yo
soundtrack to the streets, nigga, huh
'cause i'm like that y'all, ya heard?
holla back, bounce with me, bounce


girls and guns (uh huh), all i want (bounce)
(bounce with me, come on, bounce)
stock exchange (uh huh), rocks and thangs (bounce, jigga, haha)
girls and guns (kid capri shit, huh), all i want
(what's fuckin' with that?)
stock exchange (like that yo), rocks and thangs
(i'm just like that yo)

turn the lights all the—turn the lights all the way down (yeah)
what? (yeah, yeah, yeah)
uh-huh, yeah (uh)
c'mon, uh-huh, such a deep flow (grrr…)
c'mon, yeah, c'mon, yo, yo


j-a-y, i flow sick (uh)
fuck all y'all haters, blow dick
i spits the game for those that throw bricks
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, chicks (what?)
sex, murder and mayhem; romance for the street (uh-huh)
only wife of mines is a life of crime, and since
life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chest
how can i not flirt with death?
that's life's enigma, long as life within us
we gon' sin a lot and pray that christ forgive us, fuck it
ice the wrist and raise the price on these niggas
y'all can't floss on my level
i'll invite you all to get with us if your ball is glitter
when i go, on the hall of players, wall my picture (uh-huh)
if you get close enough, you can read the scripture
it reads: "money, cash, hoes", how real was that nigga? (what)


money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (what)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (uh)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (c'mon)
money, cash, hoes, (what) hoes, (what) hoes (what)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (what)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (uh)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (c'mon)
money, cash, hoes, (what) hoes, (what) hoes (what)


flavors robust, platinum and gold touch
yeah i rap now, fast money done slowed up
niggas try to stop jay-z to no luck
roc-a-fella forever, ceo, what! (what?)
us the villains? fuck your feelings
while y'all playa hate we in the upper millions
what's the dealings? (huh) it's like new york's been soft
ever since snoop came through and crushed the buildings
i'm trying to restore the feelings; fuck the law, keep dealing
more money, more cash, more chilling
i know they gon' criticize the hook on this song
like i give a fuck...i'm just a crook on this song
bed-stuy brook-nam took on the world
shit, i led a life you can write a book on
sex, murder and mayhem, romance for the street
man, and i tell ya, it'll be the best-seller, what!


money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (what)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (uh)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (c'mon)
money, cash, hoes, (what) hoes, (what) hoes (what)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (what)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (uh)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (c'mon)
money, cash, hoes, (what) hoes, (what) hoes (what)

money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (what)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (uh)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (c'mon)
money, cash, hoes, (what) hoes, (what) hoes (what)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (what)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (uh)
money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (c'mon)
money, cash, hoes, (what) hoes, (what) hoes (what)


roc-a-fella shit
uh huh uh huh, ruff ryders
pa-pause
my nigga swizz
uh huh, uh huh
don't stop, beatch
uh, uh huh, yeah
respect the game yo



ha ha, ha ha, roc-a-fella y'all
9-6, futuristic shit, bee-atch
uh
what the fuck? how we do
how we do, uh-huh, uh-huh


it's the eventual triple platinum nigga with the solid gold fade
all that nickle and dime shit, don't hold no weight
fortune 5, top 5 in the forbes (you'll see)
as you thumb through the source, i read the robb report
class c, cold me down with the plastic
that's all i ask of you, like raphael saadiq
at the hotel nikko, robert duvall suite
my people's eyes through the peep hole
i'm loving you down freak, as i
shoot through the city like a rumor
not soon enough, to stop 'em from spreading
the newspaper heading read "jay-z breathes, 80 degrees
only thing to cool him off is a malibu bay breeze"
can't stop for the feds, say cheese
you know they wanna take a nigga picture
pray for the day to get ya but i'ma parlay, stay richer for now
jigga haven't done dirt in a while
you know my stomach's getting weak from living life on these streets for real
tryna oversee it from suites, ordering eats
at the top where the real criminal minds meet
that's where the cream is (right?!)
that's where your dream is (well ain't it?)


you're only a customer
when your walkin' in the presence (uh-huh) of hustlers (uh-huh, spend money all night)
(all night long) (bee-otch
roc-a-fella y'all, ha ha)
you're only a customer (uh)
when your walkin' (uh) in the presence (uh) of hustlers (uh, spend money all night)
(all night long)
(roc-a-fella)
(yeah)


ayo my youth had a nigga too aggressive, i
i used to speed excessive, both eyes closed
no thought infested
hitting pot holes, cop-o's'll snatch away what you deem most precious
had to rethink things
is pinky rings worth
life on the run and time served in sing sing?
i don't know to tell the truth, if i'm pressed for dough
gotta consult irv gotti y'all, (heads got to roll)
i was raised to live, lord i pray you forgive
if not, i just handle it like jason kidd
what you're facing is official (it's official)
most cases when i'm blazing won't miss you (won't miss you)
case and point made bullshit a issue, i see it to the end
my writing so personal, my heart bleeding through the pen
make no mistake about me
it's only one nigga living, i got half a cake about me
i got love, i can kill a friend over fam not drugs
and very, few people understand that love
to make a nigga die bleeding is nothing (nothing)
you make a motherfucker die breathing then you saying something
beeotch


you're only a customer
when (uh) your walkin' (uh) in the presence (uh) of hustlers (uh-huh, spend money all night)
(all night long) (roc-a-fella y'all, ha ha)
you're only a customer
when (ah ha) your walkin' in the presence (ah ha) of hustlers (spend money all night)
(all night long) (roc-a-fella)
(uh-huh)
you're only a customer (yea)
when your walkin' (huh) in the presence (huh) of hustlers (huh, spend money all night)
(all night long)
(roc-a-fella)


more flavor than y'all can image having
graphic like sega saturn
traffic like the bodega, just so happens, you caught me at the the tail end of my dirt
brain ain't right from inhaling the work all my life, fuck it
greasy i, had the whole d.c. high, pissy off cristal, 3g high
seasoned bacardi, vvs's blesses my body
we be fresh at the party, play yourself go 'head if you don't know the ledge
it's like spitting to god
get it in the face fucking with niggas over your head
take your time with me, shifty
used to make coke stretch like a sample in the 950
shit with that, while i'm on a kawasaki bike
at the light, doing a pike, with a bitch on the back
and take flight, my life like it was directed by hype
in 35 slow-mo, with the roc-a-fella logo
acapulco to aruba
bay breezes and caviar beluga
very little loot, eludes us
in the grayish blueish l-e-x coupe, it's the root of evil in these people, what the fuck?


you're only a customer
walkin' in the presence of hustlers
(all night long) (spend money all night)
(roc-a-fella, uh huh, uh huh, beeotch)
you're only a customer (ah ha)
walkin' in the presence (ah ha) of hustlers (spend money all night)
(all night long) (roc-a-fella, uh-huh, uh-huh)


futuristic shit



uhh, uhh, uh-huh
uhh, paper chase
bonnie and clyde
y'all motherfuckers know how it's going down
gotta get that paper dog
that's right, uhh
uh-huh uh, yeah, right, yeah
paper chase y'all, paper chase what? uh


greyhound bitch, stay down bitch
‘bout to set up shop with jay, round this bitch
half a brick of yay, 'bout to lay down this bitch
('til november?) nah, i'm here to like may down this bitch
and i'm thinking, i don't wanna have to spray down this bitch
call my whole team, from around the way down this bitch
i'm trying to stay down this bitch, play down this bitch
had a sound, so my nigga jay drown the six
roll the windows down and, wave round this bitch
but there's a couple things 'fore it's ok round this bitch
gotta talk to the natives, let 'em know i'm here
for all to get the paydays, first i line up all the haters
i got jobs for ya, drop saabs for ya
more arms than green bay's brett favre for ya
money propositions hope that's not a prob' for ya
if so, jigga be here, day after tomorrow for ya (that's right!)


gotta get that paper dog
gotta touch that, love that, paper dog, uhh!
gotta get that paper dog
gotta have that grab that paper dog!
gotta get that paper dog
gotta spend that, bend that, split that, get that
gotta get that paper dog
when i needs that, g stack, tell me where the weed's at?


i got my two guns, i came to scoop ones
a down ass bitch and she down to click
got a nice little hooptie that i get around with
and my plan is, not to leave this town 'til i'm rich
gotta find a nigga selling all them ounces and shit
tell them get down with the clique or get found in a ditch
see i drop down and strip, i turn around and spit
not to hit em, just to let 'em know the sound of shit
return later that evening in the club with fox
and i got the snub nose for those that love to box
i'm in search of them young niggas that hug the block
all day, 'til it's light gray outside
shoot dice talking shit all day outside
and even when it's hot, they outside
let em know how its gonna go, bonnie and clyde
and ayo, you would want me on your side


gotta get that paper dog
gotta touch that, love that, paper dog, uhh!
gotta get that paper dog
gotta have that grab that paper dog!
gotta get that paper dog
gotta spend that, bend that, split that, get that
gotta get that paper dog
when i needs that, g stack, tell me where the weed's at?


yo, yeah, i got that stress and i got it the best
i ain't got it to give, but i got it to test
and if you wanna get down, all you gotta invest
is your time, i gotta move this in a week or less
for the next couple of days i brought out all i possess
the rolex, necklaces with the vvs
between the driver and the passenger where the tv rest
for my top draft picks i cop the new gs
now all the little soldiers wanna roll with my team
cause i ain't sold em a dream, i just showed 'em the cream
picked em up in the afternoons and told 'em some things
you know the regular shit you do when you molding them teens
yo, never lay your head where you holding them things
keep the family then your business, nothing goes in between
never feared no man, put four in his bean
drop your gun then, blow the scene, ya heard me?


gotta get that paper dog
gotta touch that, love that, paper dog, uhh!
gotta get that paper dog
gotta have that grab that paper dog!
gotta get that paper dog
gotta spend that, bend that, split that, get that
gotta get that paper dog
when i needs that, g stack, tell me where the weed's at?

i don't give a fuck who you are, so fuck who you are
i don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car
i don't care about your block and whoever you shot
i don't care about your album and whenever it drop
i don't care about your past if i did i woulda asked
i'm too busy lighting 'dro with a whole lotta hash
far as this rap shit, i'm ten steps ahead of niggas
shooting backwards, just for practice
ride or die nigga, hopping in your casket
'bout to go to hell with you, blow the l with you
tell the whole world i'm spitting, let 'em know the shells hit you
i tell niggas quick, suck dick and get a glock
my name ring bells like sunday at twelve o'clock
i'm half past seven, bust six then eleven
you know me, slide my man my joint say reload me
i ruff ryde and pop a fella for roc-a-fella
screaming (what the fuck), spending mozzarella


i know pop you can't stand us 'cause we cock them hammers
run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma
locked in the slammer? nope, popped up in atlanta
crossed up in a drop, i popped up the antenna
whoa.. watch your manners when my veins pop like scanners
like raindrops you hear the thunder when i cock the cannon
big thang, big chains, ain't shit changed
get brain in the four dot six range
shit mayne, switch lanes
every town i hit, switch planes, bitch, flip big 'caine
flow with no cut, you take it in vein to the brain
muh'fuckas is nodding and throwing up, you know that
you don't wanna owe that man
he'll hit you, get the picture? kodak, man
gotta, love for war, i don't floss no more
i just sit on my money 'til i'm above the law
how the fuck you gon' stop us with your measly asses?
we don't stop at the tolls, we got e-zpasses, nigga
multiple cars and divas with d-classes
iceberg sweats with i.b. on the elastic
shit, beatch! what the fuck, ya heard me? hahahaha
put some more beat on that joint

how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die
how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die
how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die


ayo fuck y'all, niggas i crush y'all, rush y'all
with the four drawn and i touch y'all, plus y'all
little motherfuckers ain't ready for war
i seen your team in a crisis before, thought i forgot?
the same rules apply, don't try to switch up your style
y'all niggas is pumpkin pie, and that's plain as i
much better than you cat, shocked when i got the news that
this nigga ready for war, well where that fool at?
i bruise wack rap niggas severely punish them
especially those that get fucked for they publishing, heh
always gotta be the weakest nigga out the crew
i probably make more money off yo' album, than you
you see the respect i get every time i come through
check your own videos, you'll always be number two
niggas talking real greasy on them r&b records
well i'm platinum a million times nigga, check the credits
s. carter, ghostwriter, and for the right price
i can even make yo' shit tighter
i roast niggas like ya, smoke niggas like ya
take your little jewels and put the toast to niggas like ya
you know what the fuck we do and why we done it
how i bring it to niggas who, probably want it
keep playing, you gone find me in your lobby blunted
and i don't even smoke nigga, ain't no joke
niggas cat fighting with jigga, kicking sneaky shit
making little tapes but keeping it secret
'cause i kick that deep shit that divide your peeps shit
now i don't know if you fucking with jigga
spitting that weak shit, dog


how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die
how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die


yeah, yeah
niggas don't want it with jig, 'cause something’s got to give
i got homes where you hide, i hustle where you live
jigga's the don, bitches scream "jigga damn the
dick is the bomb, about as thick as an arm"
mr. exxon, gas 'em with the wit and the charm
bitch, i'm trying to tell you like nicholas barnes
i'm a big cat, listen mami, can you dig that?
cars, jewelry, homes, i did that
o's, shootouts, keys, i live that
actresses, models, chicken heads, hit that
i get stacks and still i kick back
and run up on niggas with the m-id-ac, where the shit at?


how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die
how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die


time to separate
the platinum from the white gold, right from the door
the real from the fake, ready rock from the raw
the boss from the runners, cats who ride dick
from the cats with the numbers, the five from the six
i got cop ‘n crash money, pop the dash money
press the button, all of sudden, glock in the stash money
beef with jigga, watch yo' ass money
it's el presidente, top brass money
now i don't flash the steel, i blast for real
my motto: you only good as the last nigga you kill
i'm here to snatch this mil, nigga that's for real
if you rolling with me grab the wheel, let's ride huh?


how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die
how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die
how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die
how many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
how many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
how many y'all wanna ride tonight
nigga ride or die or ride or die

uh-uhh-uh, ge-ge-geyeah


you belong to the city (uh-uhh-uh, what what)
you belong to the night (uh-uhh-uh, ge-ge-geyeah)
in the river of darkness
he's a man of the night


what the deal, playboy? just rest your soul
i be holding it down yo, still love the dough
got these ladies on the cock now, you know how we go
got the whole world on lock down, you know how we flow
don't worry about brooklyn, i continue to flame
therefore a world with amnesia won't forget your name
you held it down long enough, let me take those reigns
and just like your spirit, the commission remains
niggas can cross the t's and, dot the i's
now that i got too popular to cop them pies
i'm taking this rap shit serious, to my demise
jay shit's like cake mix, watch me rise
basics in the basement, wasted
asking my dog for advice so when he can't say shit
my hatred is, fueled just give me a sign
and i let the world know that the city is mine, what?


you belong to the city (the city is mine, what-what-what)
you belong to the night (ge-ge-geyeah, uh-uhh-uh, pa-pau)
in the river of darkness
he's a man of the night (the city is mine, that's right...)


y'all wanna know how i flow just seek and you find
i'm like a brain in the voice box, i speak my mind
about to redefine rap mami, either i'm
the illest nigga doing it or these niggas is losing it
i read a article that said i was ruining shit
but every time i look, i'm moving units in quick
so i'ma hit y'all, with these last two and split
and leave niggas with nothing but my influences-es
students of jigga, i ain't mad yeah, bite my shit
sell half of what i sell because it's not quite my shit
i'm the type to buy a rollie and just ice my shit
on the spot, fuck coming back twice to shit
how real is that? my floss game, still intact
boss game, you lame dudes can't feel that
like the first dude to cop the 850 in '89
and drove it up to 55th, the city is mine, what?


you belong to the city (the city is mine)
you belong to the night (yeah, uhh, the city is mine)
in the river of darkness (pa-pause, feel me)
he's a man of the night (yeah, yeah, bounce, bounce)


i snatch your girl 'cause your arm ain't strong enough
plus y'all don't stay in the studio long enough
i make hits while y'all stay hating and take bricks
had it locked 'til i came in the club, take 6
got your chick 'cause you swore she was innocent
got her a chinese manicure, hair done by dominicans, all for what
so i could be in a dark corner, all in her butt
at the bar alchoholing her up
i represent the lifestyle of those who thirst cream
a buck fifty a shot, louis the thirteenth
jay-z, roc-a-fella yo, know the name
i ain't a player, get it right, i'm controlling the game
from now until they blow holes in my frame
i'ma stand firm, holding my aim, feel me?
i'm the focal, point like biggie in his prime
on the low though—shhh! the city is mine


you belong to the city (uh-huh, yeah, the city is mine)
you belong to the night (ah ah, the city is mine)
in the river of darkness (feel me, the city is mine)
he's the man of the night (the city is mine, is mine, is mine, is mine)
you belong to the city
you belong to the night
in the river of darkness
he's the man of the night



i'm what the game made me
not what the fame made me
no amount of money can change me
i'm what you lames can't be
live nigga what? live as fuck


check, live from the 7-1-8
either respect the flow or learn your lesson from your wake
i'm wishin arthritis on all writers who, knock my hustle
how can y'all understand the struggle?
it's hard to live, when you got greedy niggas in the mix
knowin i outclass three-e niggas in the six
so i outblast til it's empty clips
and i outlast niggas, survival of the fit
one life, i gotta make sure it's done right
cause them yet to have a conversation bout reincarnation
ball out, until i fall out
stick thick chicks, try to tear they wall out
hard to think about your future with, nothin to gain
hard to concentrate on school with stomach pain
life's harsh, i know y'all runnin from 'caine
but it'll only catch you and track you down
with no deal, who you gonna rap to now?
start your own record company, that's profound
live niggas gonna rumble when you backs on the wall
jive niggas gonna crumble and fall


i'm what the game made me
not what the fame made me
no amount of money can change me
i'm what you lames can't be
live nigga what? live as fuck


