
ain't i
i'm a... i'm a... i'm a
i'm a hustler's hustler
a gangster's gangster
i'm a rapper's rapper
your favorite, ain't i
ain't i, ain't i, ain't i


i'm still winning and i'm nowhere near finished
it's just the first inning
and i'm gunning for the pennant
and i been this, god made me
y'all hate me, y'all atheists
y'all safety is at risk
it's the return of the messiah
one and only hov
no i ain't god but i've been made in his mould
so when the story is told let it be said i refuse to fold
i only fold bread
i stood for the best, i owed no debt
i represent the hood til my dying breath
i took a pay cut to become an exec
so the next motherfucker can earn his paycheck
and even though these niggas talk greasy bout me
ask these niggas how they 'gon eat without me
ask these niggas if they want stats involved
and even if they don't like me, they respect the god




i'm hustler's poster child, i'm supposed to style
i ain't got nothing to prove, i'm supposed to smile
i ain't insecure, i'm vested in a piece of carol's daughter
i'm in sephora
bricks are insignificant to him
he's a grown man, you're an infant to him
take your baby money and burn, t-ha
i spent that on furniture
i got warhols on my hall's wall
i got basquiats in the lobby of my spot
i'm so sophisticatedly hood, s. carter cashmere premium goods
thousand dollars for the sneaks
timbo on the track, 250 for the beat
g4 back and forth to my floor seats
i spent a couple mil' just to lose to the heat



anything you aspire, to acquire i got
any gun you say, you fired
i shot any type of paraphernalia, i am the seller
i guess you're saying that's how i started roc-a-fella
feds all fed up
dea can't tell the dirty money from a rocawear sweater


whoever rap, you be doing that for practice, nigga
i'm in the twelve-step program
i ain't touched drugs in so long i'm a sober man
i'm clean as a whistle, official
got a way, i'm the king of all kings, it's official
i'm a hustler's hustler
a gangster's gangster
i'm a rapper's rapper
your favorite, ain't i
ain't i, ain't i, ain't i

guru turn this shit up (ow!)
i know a million people already did this
let's make it a billion
og i'm going in! (bounce)
big bizzle, happy birthday my nigga!


geah, a billi, a billi, a billi a billionaire
call me philli collins, i feel a billion is in the air
i affiliate, with billy gates, that's my peer
and john meneilly-onaire is my consigliere
when i wear billionaire boys club, it's more than gear
i don't wear it cause pharrell, i wear it 'cause i'm fo'real
(i see dead people)
i see benjamins and a billion other big head people
i'm a natural born hustler, marcy projects motherfucker
turned professional journalist reporting, live from the gutter
where girls, carry box-cutters
brothers shoot up with undercovers
screaming "fuck the world!" why? 'cause don't nobody love us
shawn carter, sean bell, what's the difference? do tell
50 shots or 50 mill', ain't no difference go to hell
so, brrrak, lick a shot for, brrrack obama, change gon' come or
i'ma buy the whole hood llamas on me
roc nation army, million strong and the mantra's gon' be
it is whatever it's gon' be, on three
jump in the humvee, y'all can call it cold war
declaring, i'm free, bumping 'pac and the outlawz
i'm flyer than all outdoors, i ball out hard
i buy, champagne companies, i'm past buying out bars
but i do that, i'm so past, g5's and g4's
but i flew, back, back and forth like aaliyah (rest in peace to ya)
takes a nation of millions to hold us back
but when your boy reach a billion it's a wrap (off of rap?!) yeah!
roc nation it takes a nation to stop
i'm signing off, it's the hood's barack, brrrack!


motherfucker i'm ill!
motherfucker i'm ill!

b-i, what up?
long as i got a voice, you got a voice my nigga
yessir

bk stand up, brooklyn throw your hands up
if you with me, lick a shot for biggie


chillin' in the spot in my b-boy stance
don't make this four-fifth kick like bruce lee roy pants
you know i'm smarter than spock, for leonard nimoy fans
so this aluminum will foil your plans, that's how i'm doin' em man
i keep two in hand, in case i've been drinkin'
seeing double, i got one for you and your twin
i got a nickel for your thoughts, make your blood trickle
leave your smarts on the sidewalk, 'til the cops come and get you
i'm done playin' with you
the guns sprayin' with or without you
make your body whistle without you, young!
i'm still official without you
still that nigga all the bitches whisper about, ooh
he's so terrific, his lyrics like it's about you
you can't tell me that everything he spits that it's not true
i'm from a crack in the wall, a fighter with my back against wall
took a lighter, left my name in the hall, young!




grew up on lexington ave, my socks real high
moved to the marcy projects 'round the time i was five
had a great-grandmother in the heart of the 'stuy
so on the fourth of july, we would always stop by
man, i ran through the bush, bought pounds from "the dreads"
they had the best beef patties and cocoa bread
played the albee square mall 'round the time i was gettin' tall
where niggas would snatch your pockets, leave your change on the floor
18 regime round then, pink houses, fort greene niggas they ain't blend
wasn't safe on the a train, d, g or the f
decepticons, lo-life niggas snatch the polo off your chest
east new york, bushwick, fuck it, the whole bk
brownsville, where the warriors come out to play
nigga you better roll deep goin' through coney island
'cause it's one way out, nigga, one way in, nigga




everywhere you go, brooklyn's in the house, if you soft tuck your chain
the crooks is in the house, yes, the jooks is in route
the drama's on the way
stare downs first, then the llamas gon' spray
momma's gon' pray
but we respect real, you act like a sheep, you gon' be the next meal
the wolves is on the job
gotta get in where we fit in
not rid the show and the kids is growing
baby need new shoes, and you sitting on 22's
and we got guns big as samoans
and you in the spot showing off like terrell owens
hell i'm on this nigga
you better hold your ground, if you a straw house
then the fours will blow you down and its back to the home town, yes!



hey nigga i was in oakland, oakland like brooklyn
short! dawg! bay area!!!
they showed me so much love when i was down there i had to get hyphy on this one


uh! ask my nigga lebron!
we so big we ain't gotta respond
when you talkin to a don
please have respect like your talkin to your mom
we let the money do the talkin
as you see we be talkin rather often (chatterbox!)
the roc boys in the buildin
another hundred fifty million don't it sound like we yellin?!!!
who the fuck overrated?!
if anything they underpaid him
hatin that's only 'gon make him spend the night
out of spite with the chick you've been datin
we the best of the best
we 'gon be here so the rest could take a rest
i gotta get this off my chest
no pause none of that shit, get off my dick!!!!


blow the whistle!!!
blow the whistle!!!
blow the whistle!!! (it's too easy for me!)
blow the whistle!!!


hold up, i gotta keep it real
it's gonna take seven movies by will (what up will?)
seven movies by twenty mil'
and you still ten short from what i did with one deal (damn!)
don't compare me to nobody
i'd rather not be mentioned, i'm offended
unless you talkin sinatra, james dean or
john lennon (or) or jimi hendrix
i'm just a rock star, beeyitch!!
keep it real, you know i got y'all beeyitch!!
we ain't in the same league
you could lie to yourself, you can't lie to me (uh-uh, uh-uh!)
i don't even know y'all name
i'm too big for ya, the rap lebron james
roc nation, the new movement
and y'all money funny, what the fuck are yooou doing??
i don't know what y'all on
this is chess, know the difference 'tween the king and the pawn


blow the whistle!!!
blow the whistle!!!
blow the whistle!!!
blow the whistle!!!
blow the whistle!

brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard (agh!)
brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard (go hard)
brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard


this is black hoodie rap
there's no fear in my eyes where they lookin' at
better look on map
besides, me nah like to eye fight
me nah think such a ting is worth a man's life (christ!)
but if a man test my stuy
i promise he won't like my reply
boom-bye-bye, like buju, i'm crucial
i'm a brooklyn boy, i may take some gettin' use to
chain snatchin', ain't have it, gotta get it
same shiddit, from brownsville to bainbriddidge
fatherless child, mama pulled double shifts
so the number runners was the only ones i hanged widdith
before you know it i'm in the game, bang fiddith
fear no orangutans, piddeel ciddaps
like oranges-es, i'm dangerous
please! tell me what the name of this shit


brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (b-r, o, o-k)
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (l-y, n, come again)
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (b-r, o, o-k)
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (l-y, n, come again)


i father, i brooklyn-dodger them
i jack, i rob, i sin
aw, man—i'm jackie robinson
'cept when i run base, i dodge the pen
lucky me, luckily, they didn't get me
now when i bring the nets, i'm the black branch rickey
from brooklyn corners, burnin' branches of sticky
spread love, biggie; brooklyn, hippie
i pity the fool with jewels like mr. t
with no history in my borough, they borrow
with no intentions of returnin' tomorrow
the sun don't come out for many, like annie
half-orphan, mama never had an abortion
papa sort of did; still, i managed to live
i go hard, i owe it all to the crib
now please tell me, what the fuck's harder than this?


brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (b-r, o, o-k)
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (l-y, n, come again)
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (b-r, o, o-k)
brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (l-y, n, come again)



in search of victory, she keeps eluding me
if only we could be together momentarily
we could make love, and make history
why won’t you visit me, until she visits me
i’ll be stuck with her sister, her name is defeat
she gives me agony, so much agony
she brings me so much pain, so much misery
like missing your last shot and falling to your knees
as the crowd screams, for the other team
i've practiced so hard for this moment victory don’t leave
i know what this means, i’m stuck in this routine
whole new different day, but the same old things
all i got is dreams, but nobody else could see
nobody else believes, nobody else but me
where are you victory? i need you desperately
not just for the moment, to make history


so now i’m flirting with death
hustling like a g, while victory wasn’t watching
took chances repeatedly
as a teenage boy, before acne
before i got proactive, i couldn’t face she
i just threw on my hoodie and headed to the streets
i swear i met success, we lived together shortly
a success is like lust, she's good for the touch
she's good for the moment, but she’s never enough
everybody’s had her, she’s nothing like v
a success is all i got, unfortunately
but i’m burning down the block, hopin' in and out of v's
but something tells me that there’s much more to see
before i get killed, cause i can’t get robbed
so before me, success and death ménage
i gotta get lost, i gotta find v
we gotta be together to make history


now victory is mine, she tastes so sweet
she’s my trophy wife, she's coming with me
we'll have a baby who stutters repeatedly
we'll name him history, he'll repeat after me
he’s my legacy, son of my hard work
future of my past, he’ll explain who i be
rank me amongst the greats, either 1, 2 or 3
if i ain’t number one then i failed you victory
ain’t in it for the fame, that dies within weeks
ain’t in it for the money, can’t take it when you leave
i wanna be remembered long after you grieve
long after i’m gone, long after i breathe
i leave all i am, in the hands of history
that's my last will testimony
this is much more than a song, it’s a baby shower
i’ve been waiting for this hour, history, you're ours

i seen you jockin jay-z 'cause he got a mercedes
and you know about his ladies


i seen you jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin'
jockin' jay-z (yeah), jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' (yeah) jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (i'm so dope boy fresh!)
i seen you jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin'
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin'
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (i'm so dope boy fresh!)


whose house? hov, no doubt
'bout the only rapper still getting money in the drought
i moves out, in the global, i'm a mogul
fifty thousand feet in the air and i'm still on my mobile
fuck talking 'bout the recession, the shit's depressing
i rock with obama but i ain't no politician
and i chill with the thugs and the gangsters too
i ain't a blood but i'm warring with the boys in blue
crooked officer, crooked officer!
why you wanna see me in a coffin, sir?
is it against the law, the way i'm flossin', sir?
benzes, rolls royces, and porsches, ugh!
haters like, "hov, why you still talkin money shit?"
... 'cause i like money, bitch!
i like fly shit, you like gossip
i let you do you! why you riding my tip?


i seen you jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (y-yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (i'm so dope boy fresh!)
i seen you jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (i'm so dope boy fresh!)


that bloke from oasis said i couldn't play guitar
somebody shoulda told him i'm a fucking rockstar
to-day is gonna be the day
that i'm gonna throw it back to you!
i'm living life as a rocker, i'm like pimp c, partna
coming down in mercedes, peeling off on the boppers
worldwide show, i'm coming down in a chopper
hundred eighty thou', screamin "hov!" with the roc up
it's too easy!
i got ladies on shoulders, showing me they chi-chis
i met honey at the show last year
and now i'm acting brand new like a world premiere (world premiere!)
yeah, i know life ain't fair
but chill, baby girl, my girl is here
i got models in the mosh pit
dancing off-beat, but they know the words to my shit!


i seen you jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (i'm so dope boy fresh!)
i seen you jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (i'm so dope boy fresh!)


you ain't gotta jock jay-z, jock fly shit
you ain't gotta jock me, homie; jock my chick
jock her zanottis; she body you with the fit
no, that's not pilates; her body's just thick
you ain't gotta jock her, nigga; jock my clique
jock the dope boys 'cause we all tossed bricks
federales jock me while i'm crossing the bridge
click, click! take a portrait of this
i ain't no pretty boy; i got a gorgeous wrist
cut handsome checks and my flow's pretty... sick
i'm so ghetto chic
i'm where the hood and high fashion meet
ooh-wee, i'm like the camouflauge louis
how you niggas want it? the tux or the toolie?
haters, i ain't mad at you
if i wasn't me i'd probably jock me too! (too!)


i seen you jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah, y-y-yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (ugh, yeah!)
jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin' (i'm so dope boy fresh!)
i seen you jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah!)
jockin' jay-z, jockin' jay-z, jockin'-jockin' (yeah, y-y-yeah!)
jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin', jockin'-j-jockin'-jockin'
(i'm so dope boy fresh!)

yeah, you would think i was on 'roids
i been hitting so long and i'm a big headed boy
nah we ain't on hgh
though i might pick up some weight when i'm running through your state
(running through your state) nah, nah, nah, we ain't on the clear
we on the runway in back to back lairs (in the air)
yeah yeah, it's ms. no more drama
and barack obama rhymers, feel honored (talk to 'em hov)
i put my life on these tracks
you act like y'all don't wanna pay me for the facts
luckily my therapy is to rap
i just bare my soul i don't expect nothing back (get it up)
you're all welcome, long as you felt them
i was gon' get mine, you know where the hell i'm from
i'm from the bottom, so i do this from the diapers
quick fast, turn the big apple into cider
i do this, i'm a writer and a rider
spew it 'cause i'm nicer, but i do this for the lifers (tell 'em again hov)
i'm a writer and a rider
spew it 'cause i'm nicer, but i do this for the lifers, you're welcome


yeah yeah, you probably never see again
somebody so deadly via the pen (no, never, no)
viva hovito, my nino, muy bien
big up to biggie and pac, i do it for them
until i reach colleek, i do it for him
do it for those who can't do for self due to the pen
may these bars reach through your bar
and ma, when mary sing it heals your heart (*hands up!)
god so lisa stansfield you are
love is a battlefield, we all get scarred
i put my heart into this
this is much more than marketed music
the reason i got a market to do this
as there's people going through pain, i'm just walking 'em through this
(i'm here for you) this ain't no marketed music
people going through pain, i'm just talking 'em through it, you're welcome

 (swizz beatz)
sure i taught you 'bout watch brands and watch bands
i also said, "watch the man hopping out of vans"
i ain't only teach you about evisu
i told you how to fish and not let other niggas feed you, you're welcome


