
young! it's the life
once again it's the life, yes
i don't know why, i.. get so high oh
it's intoxicating, man, y'all don't know why you do what you do
get so high oh, get so high, high off the life


the allure of breaking the law
was always too much for me to ever ignore
i've got a thing for the big-body benzes, it dulls my senses
in love with a v-dub engine
man, i'm high off life, fuck it, i'm wasted
bathing ape kicks, audemars piguet wrist
my women-friends get tennis bracelets
trips to venice, get their winters replaced with
the sun...it ain't even fun no more, i'm jaded
man, it's just a game, i just play it to play it
i put my feet in the footprints left to me
without saying a word, the ghetto's got a mental telepathy
man, my brother hustled so, naturally
up next was me, but what perplexes me
shit, i know how this movie ends, still i play
the starring role in "hovito's way"


it's just life, i solemnly swear
to change my approach, stop shaving coke
stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'cause i be doing the most (oh no!)
but every time i felt "that was that", it called me right back
it called me right back
man, it called me right back (oh no!)


i'm like a russian mobster, drinking distilled vodka
until i'm under the field with hoffa, it's real
peel the top up like a toupée, mix the water with the soda
turn the pot up, make a soufflé
all of y'all can get it like group-page on your two-way
i'm living proof that crime do pay
say "hooray" to the bad guy, and all the broads
putting cars in their name, for the stars of the game
putting 'caine in their bras and their tomorrows on the train:
all in the name of love
just to see that love locked in chains and the family came
over the house to take back everything that they claimed
or even the worse pain is the distress
learning you're the mistress only after that love gets slain
and the anger and the sorrow mixed up leads to mistrust
now it gets tough to ever love again
but the allure of the game, keeps calling your name
to all the lauras of the world, i feel your pain
to all the christies in different cities and tiffany lanes:
we all hustlers in love with the same thing


it's just life, i solemnly swear
to change my approach, stop shaving coke
stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'cause i be doing the most (oh no!)
but every time i felt "that was that", it called me right back
it called me right back
man, it called me right back (oh no!)


i never felt more alive than riding shotgun
in klein's green 5, until the cops pulled guns
and i tried to smoke weed to give me the fix i need -
what the game did to my pulse - with no results
and you can treat your nose and still won't come close
the game is a light bulb with eleventy-million volts
and i'm just a moth addicted to the floss
the doors lift from the floor and the tops come off
by any means necessary, whatever the cost
even if it means lives is lost
and i can't explain why i just love to get high
drink, "life!" smoke the blueberry sky, blink twice
i'm in the blueberry 5, you blink three times
i may not even be alive
i mean even james dean couldn't escape the allure
dying young, leaving a good-looking corpse
of course...


it's just life, i solemnly swear
to change my approach, stop shaving coke
stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'cause i be doing the most (oh no!)
but every time i felt "that was that", it called me right back
it called me right back
man, it called me right back (oh no!)


once again its the life
yeah i said its the life
once i again its the life
(oh no! i don't know why, i...)
(get so high oh)
(get so high oh)
(get so high, high off the life)

yeah!
nigga, i could make four more albums off memory!
y'all ain’t never gonna be better than me
i’ma do this 'til i’m eighty


everybody wanna rhyme like hov'
'cause i rhyme like i be rhyming in the rov'
climbing in them hoes
mind like a diamond, i’ll blind you at the shows
i don’t shine, i glow; i remind you of that dough, don’t i?
did i? hustle the game
just the thought alone give me a boner
coach cater to a coma
can’t out-hustle a hustler, you can’t outplay a player
this rap shit is a layup
in my former biz, motherfuckers will spray ya
in the music biz, motherfuckers just say stuff
spit on you and spray ya, niggas just play tough when the cameras on
when the cameras gone, niggas want to set up meetings
'cause they know most likely, when i see 'em, i’ma set up a beating
windows, no tints (tints); cars, no rims (nope)
that’s because we handle ours like grown men
i ain’t touch a wheel since i drove the bent'
that’s 'cause it was a coupe—nah, i ain’t souped
i was telling the truth, and you tom cruise—you can’t handle it
handle it, nigga, is what i do
i tried to be modest on blueprint 2 (tch)
but y'all don’t respect modest; y'all respect my dollars
you got to believe i think like a artist
but my bills through the roof—can’t do numbers like the roots
no disrespect, i be trying to disconnect
but niggas keep pulling me back in, i’m trapped in
my pops got a liver disorder
my whole living's disordered, and i just got his living room ordered
and you wonder why the chip on my shoulder's more like a brick or a boulder
you’ll understand maybe when you get older (maybe)
got a hundred niggas on your dick saying, "you ought to record like this," or what have you
niggas is back-stabbing you
bitches mad at you ‘cause they can’t have you
press want to know about the daughter of matthew (what up, bey?)
now it’s back to the hood again, all-black hood again
back to old ladies saying what i could’ve been
back to the gats—you forgot i’m real good with them
they gon' put a nigga in jail—oh, well


if i can’t (yeah) do it (ugh)
homie, it can’t be done


i’m the one, i’m not the two, not the three, not the four, the five
i take the pain from my life, pour it all on the side
take my strain and my stride, take my ego and pride
used them to kick down the door, brought my people inside
and i hope you ain’t think i wrote this to entertain you, 'cause that ain’t what i came to do
i will bang you, i will act like orangutans do
i give you hot wings, turn niggas to angels
understand my angle, i’m safety-first
don’t make me act like the safety don't work
tough niggas get it the worst, i’m begging you, come for us
i’m giving motherfuckers dirt comforters


ahahaha
young!
night-night, nigga, take a dirt nap
s. carter collection!
black album on its way
i know you hear the footsteps
tap, tap, tap
yes!

wooo! uh, uh, bounce is back
uhh, uh-uh uh uh, geyeah, uh, your boy is back
(sexy, sexy) i know y'all missed the bounce
you need to bounce for the sexy, you know?
hah, haha, uh, let's get it in


yeah ma, your dude is back, the maybach coupe is back
tell the whole world the truth is back
you ain't gotta argue about who can rap
'cause the proof is back, just go through my raps
(new york, new york!) yeah, where my troopers at?
where my hustlers, where my boosters at?
i don't care what you do for stacks
i know the world glued your back to the wall
you gotta brawl, do that
i been through that, been shot at, shoot back
gotta keep a peace like a buddhist
i ain't a new jack; nobody gon' wesley snipe me
it's less than likely, move back
let i breathe, jedi knight
the more space i get the better i write
oh, never i write, but if ever i write
i need the space to say whatever i like, now just


change clothes, and go
you know i stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
and i'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
so let's exchange numbers and go
and girl i promise you no substitutes
it's just me
ha, ha!


and i ain't gon' tell you again, let's get ghost in the phantom
you can bring your friend, we can make this a tandem
or you can come by yourself if you can stand him
best believe, i sweat out weaves
give afro puffs like r.a.g.e
aww you get if could move it
back it on up like a u-haul truck
then run and tell them ducks you heard hovi new shit
he and the boy phar-real make beautiful music
he is to the east coast what snoop is
to the west coast, what 'face is to houston
young hov' in the house is so necessary
no bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
no panties and jeans, that's so necessary
now why you fronting on me, is that necessary?
do i, to you, look like a lame
who don't understand a broad with a mean shoe game
who's up on dot dot dot and vera wang
ma are you insane? let's just
(what you want me to do?)


change clothes, and go
you know i stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
and i'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
so let's exchange numbers and go
and girl i promise you, no substitutes
it's just me


young hov' in the house, it's so necessary
no bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
no panties and jeans, that's so necessary
why you frontin' on me?
let's go to my hotel, cause this don't go well
with those s. dots, gotta stay fresh ma
ma, i don't shop where the rest buy
ho no ma, please respect my
jiggy this is probably purple label
or that bbc shit or it's probably tailored
and y'all niggas actin' way too tough
throw on a suit, get it tapered up, and let's just:


change clothes, and go
you know i stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
and i'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
so let's exchange numbers and go
and girl i promise you, no substitutes
it's just me


ha ha! sexy sexy (uh, uh, woo, sing along)
ha ha! sexy sexy (yeah, uh.. turn your radio up)
ha ha! sexy sexy (woo, put your hands in the air if you in the club)
ha ha! sexy sexy (snap your fingers now, uh, woo!)
ha ha! (your boy is back, uh-huh, uh, uh)
(the bounce is back, uh, uh woo!)
(uh, young is back, hahahaha - peace!!!)

they say "they never really miss you 'til you dead or you gone."
so on that note, i'm leavin' after this song
so you ain't gotta feel no way about jay, so long
but at least let me tell you why i'm this way, hold on
i was conceived by gloria carter and adnis reeves
who made love under the sycamore tree
which makes me a more sicker mc, and my momma would claim
at 10 pounds, when i was born, i didn't give her no pain
although through the years i gave her her fair share
i gave her her first real scare, i made up for birth when i got here
she knows my purpose wasn't purpose; i ain't perfect, i care
but i feel worthless 'cause my shirts wasn't matchin' my gear
now i'm just scratchin' the surface 'cause what's buried under there
was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared
i went to school, got good grades, could behave when i wanted
but i had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted
hold on


now, all the teachers couldn't reach me
and my momma couldn't beat me
hard enough to match the pain of my pop not seein' me
so, with that disdain in my membrane
got on my pimp game; fuck the world, my defense came
then dehaven introduced me to the game
spanish jose introduced me to 'caine, i'm a hustler now
my gear is in and i'm in the in-crowd
and all the wavy light-skinned girls is lovin' me now
my self-esteem went through the roof, man, i got my swag
got a volvo from this girl when her man got bagged
plus i hit my momma with cash from a show that i had
supposedly, knowin' nobody paid jaz wack-ass
i'm gettin' ahead of myself; by the way, i could rap
but that came second to me movin' this crack
"gimme a second, i swear," i would say about my rap career
'til '96 came, niggas, i'm here; goodbye!


goodbye to the game, all the spoils, the adrenaline rush
your blood boils you in the spot, knowin' cops could rush
and you in a drop, you're so easy to touch
no two days are alike except the first and fifteenth, pretty much
and "trust" is a word you seldom hear from us
hustlers, we don't sleep, we rest one eye up
and the drought will define a man when the well dries up
you learn the worth of water without work
you thirst 'til you die, yup!
and niggas get tied up for product
and little brothers' ring fingers get cut up
to show mothers they really got 'em
and this was the stress i lived with
'til i decided to try this rap shit for a livin', i pray i'm forgiven
for every bad decision i made, every sister i played
‘cause i'm still paranoid to this day
and it's nobody fault, i made the decisions i made
this is the life i chose, or rather, the life that chose me


if you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
maybe you'll love me when i fade to black
if you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
maybe you'll love me when i fade to black
now if you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
maybe you'll love me when i fade to black
if you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
maybe you'll love me when i fade...

you're now tuned into the muh'fuckin' greatest!
(ugh, ugh, uh-huh-uh-huh, ugh)
(jigga, uh-huh-uh, uh-uh)
turn the music up in the headphones (jigga)
(uh-huh-uh, jigga, uh-uh, uh-uh, ugh)
tim, you can go on and brush your shoulders off, nigga
i got you
(ugh, ch-ch, ugh, ugh, jigga)
ugh, yeah


if you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on—brush your shoulders off
ladies is pimps, too; go on—brush your shoulders off
niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
get that dirt off your shoulder


i probably owe it to y'all, prolly be locked by the force
tryna hustle some things that go with the porsche
feelin' no remorse, feelin' like my hand was forced
middle finger to the law, nigga, grippin' my balls
said, the ladies, they love me — from the bleachers, they screamin'
all the ballers is bouncin' — they like the way i be leanin'
all the rappers be hatin' off the track that i'm makin'
but all the hustlers — they love it just to see one of us make it
came from the bottom of the bottom to the "top of the pops"
nigga, london (woo), japan (woo), and i'm straight off the block
like a running back — get it, man? i'm straight off the block
i can run it back, nigga, ‘cause i'm straight with the roc


if you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off
ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off
niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
get that dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder


your homie hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda
i just whipped up a watch, tryna get me a rover (woo)
tryna stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yessir
keep the heckler close — you know them smokers'll test you
but, like, 52 cards went out — i'm through dealin'
now, 52 bars come out — now, you feel 'em
now, 52 cars roll out; remove ceiling in case 52 broads come out
now, you chillin' with a boss, bitch, of course; "s.c." on the sleeve
at the 40/40 club, espn on the screen
i paid a grip for the jeans (woo), plus, the slippers is clean (woo)
no chrome on the wheels (woo), i'm a grown-up for real, chyeah!


if you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off
ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off
niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
get that dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder


your boy back in the building; brooklyn, we back on the map
me and my beautiful bee-itch in the back of that 'bach
i'm the realest that run it, i just happen to rap
i ain't gotta clap at 'em — niggas scared of that black
i drop that black album, then i back out it
as the best rapper alive — nigga, ask 'bout me
from bricks to billboards, from grams to grammys
from o's to opposite orphan annie
you gotta pardon jay for sellin' out the garden in a day
i'm like a young marvin in his hey'
i'm a hustler, homie; you a customer, crony
got some dirt on my shoulder — could you brush it off for me?


if you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off
ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off
niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
get that dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder


you're now tuned into the muh'fuckin' greatest!
best rapper alive
best rapper alive

thank you, thank you, thank you!
you're far too kind


now, can i get a encore? do you want more?
cookin' raw with the brooklyn boy
so for one last time, i need y'all to roar
now, what the hell are you waitin' for?
after me, there shall be no more
so for one last time, nigga, make some noise!


who you know fresher than hov? riddle me that
the rest of y'all know where i'm lyrically at
can't none of y'all mirror me back
yeah, hearin' me rap is like hearin' g rap in his prime
i'm young h-o, rap's grateful dead
back to take over the globe, now break bread
i'm in boeing jets, global express
out the country, but the blueberry still connect
on the low, but the yacht got a triple deck
but when you young, what the fuck you expect? yep, yep
grand openin', grand closin'
goddamn, your man hov cracked the can open again
who you gon' find doper than him?
with no pen, just draw off inspiration
soon you gonna see you can't replace him
with cheap imitations for these generations


now, can i get an encore? do you want more?
cookin' raw with the brooklyn boy
so for one last time, i need y'all to roar
now what the hell are you waitin' for?


look what you made me do! look what i made for you!
knew if i paid my dues, how will they pay you
when you first come in the game, they try to play you
then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you
from marcy to madison square
to the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yeah)
as fate would have it, jay's status appears
to be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye
when i come back like jordan
wearin' the 4-5, it ain't to play games with you
it's to aim at you, probably maim you
if i owe you i'm blowin' you to smithereens
cocksucker, take one for your team!
and i need you to remember one thing (one thing)
i came, i saw, i conquered
from record sales to sold-out concerts
so, motherfucker, if you want this encore
i need you to scream 'til your lungs get sore


ow, it's star time
this man is mean, he's killin' all y'all jive turkeys
do y'all want more of the jigga man?
well, if y'all want more of the jigga man
then i need y'all to help me bring him back to the stage
say "hova!", c'mon, say it!
are y'all out there? (ho-va! ho-va!)
c'mon, louder!
yeah, now see that's what i'm talking about
they love you, jigga! they love you, jigga!


so this here is the victory lap
then i'm leavin', that's how you get me back
after a year of them 16's, it's 1.2
and that's 2.4, and i'm only doin' 2
you want in the game? attention, new dudes
i can get you bet, and trl, too
you want to be in the public, send your budget
well, fuck it, i ain't budgin'
young did it to death, you gotta love it
record companies told me i couldn't cut it
now look at me: all star-studded
golfer above par like i putted
all ‘cause the shit i uttered was utterly ridiculous
how sick is this?
you want to bang, send kanye change
send just some dust, send hip a grip
then you gotta spit, a little somethin' like this


what the hell are you waiting for?

you can't roll a blunt to this one
you gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a j
you gotta puff a j on this one 
you already know what it's hittin' for
ma, i got whatever outside and you know what i'm sittin' on
50/50 venture with them s dots kickin' off
armadale poppin' now, only bring a nigga more
only thing missin' is a missus
you ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers
got one chef, one maid, all i need is a partner
to play spades with the cards up, all trust
who else you gon' run with? the truth is us
only dudes movin' units - em, pimp juice and us,
it's the roc in here!
maybach outside, got rocks in ears
pj's on the runway, young got air
i don't land at an airport, i call it the clearport
therefore, i don't wanna hear more
back and forth about who's hot as young, holla!


sex-cuse me... damn!
you're so contagious, i can't take it
have my baby, let's just make it
i got my gaja 9-7 on right now
lady
you gotta puff a j to this one
can't roll a blunt up to this one, boy
you're so contagious, i can't take it
have my baby, let's just make it
excuse me; what's your name? ooh, oh (aoww!)
(you're so foxy, girl) 'cause i see some ladies tonight
that should be rollin' wit jay-z, jay-z
so hot to trot, lady, what's your name? ooh, oh
(you're so foxy, girl) 'cause i see some ladies tonight
that should be rollin' wit jay-z, jay-z
so hot to trot


everybody's like, "he's no item! please don't like him
he don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!"
now she don't like him, she never met him
groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em
he don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em
better them than me, she don't agree with him
she's mad at that, he's not havin' that
so those opposites attract like mag-a-nets
she sees more than the benz wagon, the friends taggin' along
with a flashy nigga braggin' on the song
she gets a glimpse of shawn and she likes that
he 2-ways her, so she writes back
smiley faces after all of her phrases
either she the one or i'm caught in the matrix
but fuck it, let the fishburne
red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon!


sex-cuse me, damn!
you gotta throw on your fine linens for this one
you're so contagious, i can't take it
have my baby, let's just make it
you might go, you mighta gotta go get you some scooby doo's
lady
gotta throw on ya scooby doo's; those are shoes by the way
you're so contagious, i can't take it
gotta throw on scooby doo's, hehehehe
have my baby, let's just make it
excuse me; what's your name? ooh, oh
(you're so foxy girl)
this for the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy
so hot to trot, lady, what's your name? (woo!)
ooh, oh, you're so foxy, girl
so hot to trot


love let's go half on a son, i know my past ain't one
you can easily get past, but that chapter is done
...but i'm done readin' for now
remember spades face up, you can believe him for now
but ma you got a f'real f'serious role
i'm 'bout to give you all the keys and security codes
'bout to show you where the cheese, let you know i ain't playin'
but, before i jump out the window, what's your name?



bad boys
(puff, what up nigga?)
(let's go half on a boat!)
come out and play
you know we had to do a remix, right?
(me too, uh, young!)


you niggas is ass, i put your ass in a bad play
this ain't no fair one, get rid of you the fast way
ski mask way, pull hammers from the coat
this ain't no handgun, this shit'll sink a boat
(what boat?)
any one in the atlantic, the s.s. minnow, the titanic
send a distress signal like poof
red flares in the air don't matter to me
send the army, coast guard, the whole faculty
i see and i raise you one, i raise guns like bebe's kids
the bad boy but no i'm not janice's, i'm gloria's warrior
when i flash the tool, leave you stiff like photographers
y'all don't got heart for this art of war
my arsenal is more awesome than yours
when hov' in the building, niggas lost from the door
from the front porch 'cause i have no flaws


y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
i put this little red laser in your ear


no rap, you rat, you wack, you bore me
i wanna end your career but you gon' do it for me
i'm, one of the greats
you know young demand 'bout a hundred out the gate
for a flyer with my face (woo!)
i'm like mariah with the cake
lord knows 'bout to retire with ma$e
all my broads look like mýa in the waist
all over the country like shania in the face
i brought the pliers to the place
to apply pressure, i don't know how you gon' take
niggas acting like they flying with a cape
'til i bring 'em to earth then they hiring the jake
monkeys can't look the lion in the face
the king of the jungle, nigga, did i mumble?


y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
i put this little red laser in your ear
i'm saying this slow so you clear
i put this little red laser in your ear


(is he?) uh, i'm dead serious
save them games you play for lil' vicious
i bust a deuce-deuce in your bubble goose
god damn, brooklyn to hollywood, i'm so good
the roc denim jeans, uh!
s dots in green, the red roc chain
you gotta love it how he does it (how he do it?)
how i hustle a dollar then i double it
y'all ain't fucking with my déjà vu
y'all can't double down the way i do
nigga, the blueprint 2, i move three
y'all can't move me from the number one spot
run the numbers on s dot


y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
i put this little red laser in your ear
i'm saying this slow so you clear
i put this little red laser in your ear, geah

uhh, this feel right right here, quik
it's like it's supposed to happen this one right here
young! god damn
let me justify my thug on this one right here


it goes one o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock, roc
five six seven o'clock, eight o'clock, roc
11 o'clock, 12 o'clock, the party 'bout to pop
then, roc-a-fella y'all, it's your boy s. dot
and i ain't never been to jail; i ain't never pay a nigga
to do no dirt for me i was scared to do myself
i will never tell, even if it means sittin' in a cell
i ain't never ran, never will
i ain't never been smacked; a nigga better keep his hands
to himself or get clapped for what's under that man's belt
i never asked for nothin' i don't demand of myself
honesty, loyalty, friends and then wealth
death before dishonor and i tell you what else
i tighten my belt 'fore i beg for help
foolish pride is what held me together through the years
i wasn't felt which is why i ain't never played myself
i just play the hand i'm dealt, i can't say i've never knelt
before god and asked for better cards at times to no avail
but i never sat back feelin' sorry for myself
if you don't give me heaven i'll raise hell
'til it's heaven


now if you shoot my dog, i'ma kill yo' cat
just the unwritten laws in rap, know that
for every action there's a reaction, don't have me relapsin'
relaxin's what i'm about, but about mine
don't be actin like you can't see street action
take me back to reasonable doubt time
you see my mind's on the finish line, facin' the wreck
i put my muh'fuckin' faith in the tec, tell satan not yet
you understand i am chasin' my breath
i am narrowly escapin' my death, oh yes
i am the michael schumacher of the roc roster
travellin' mach 5, barrel in my apparel can stop god
god forgive me but i can't let them deliver me to you
until, i won this race, then eventually
my engine gon' burn out, i get whatever is meant for me
however it turns out fine, red line!


they say an eye for an eye, we both lose our sight
and two wrongs don't make a right
but when you been wronged and you know all along that it's just one life
at what point does one fight? (good question, right?)
'fore you knock the war, try to put your dogs in his
ten-and-a-halfs, for a minute-and-a-half
bet that stops all the grinnin' and the laughs
when you play the game of life and the win ain't in the bag
when your options is none and the pen is all you have
or the block, niggas standin' tight as lemons on the ave
tryin' to cop a shop - call theyself cleansin' in the cash
but can't put they name on paper 'cause, then you on blast
mr. president, there's drugs in our residence
tell me what you want me to do, come break bread with us
mr. governor, i swear there's a cover up
every other corner there's a liquor store, fuck is up?



whooo! whooo!


memph bleek always smoking that la la la
beanie sigel always smoking that la la la
neptunes tracks smoke like la la la
it's the roc, baby; sing our lullaby (c'mon)
excuse me miss, i'm the shit
you should come hang with me, basically
hold up -- skip all the singing, let's get right tonight, mami


i know my english ain't as modest as you like
but come, get some, you little bums
i take the cake from under the baker's thumb
i bake the cake and two it up from one
then i moved the weight like i'm oprah, son
uhh, i show you how to do this son
young don't mess with chicks in burberry patterns
fake manolo boots straight from steve madden
he patterns his-self, the rap jfk
you wanna pass for my jacqueline onassis, then
hop ya ass out that s-class
lay back in the maybach, roll the best grass, i ask
have you in your long-legged life
ever seen a watch surrounded by this much pink ice?
look but don't touch, motherfucker, think twice
'cause this gat that i clutch gotta little red light
need a light?



(to smoke that la la la)
beanie sigel always smoking that la la la
memph bleek always smoking that la la la
it's the roc, mami; sing our lullaby
c'mon
excuse me miss, i'm the shit
you should come hang with me, basically
hold up -- skip all the singing, let's get right tonight, mami


we got bottles full of arme, mamis in manolo
bags by chanel or louis vuitton logos
all attracted to hov because they know dough
when they see him, whips be european
if you're a 10 chances you're with him
if you're a 5 you know you riding with them
sick with the pen, nigga -- no physician in the world could fix him
no prescription you can prescribe to subside his affliction
he's not a sane man, he's more like rain man, twitching
you can't rain dance on his picnic
no haitian voodoo, no headless chickens
can dead his sickness, no ouija board
you can't see me, dog; nigga, ya cb4
this ain't chris rock, bitch -- it's the roc, bitch
and i'm the franchise like a houston rocket
yao ming?


still smoking that la la la
memph bleek still smoking that la la la
beanie sigel, desert eagle the .45
it's the roc, baby; sing our lullaby
c'mon
excuse me miss, i'm the shit
you should come hang with me, basically
hold up -- skip all the singing, let's get right tonight, mami


forget english, talk body language
i be all over mamis like body paint is
pink diamond necklace, strawberry wrist
please excuse yourself, you're very sick
don't confuse me with marbury out this bitch
run up on me at the light, you could lose your life
motherfuckers must be smoking they la la la with crack
forty-five gun smoke, choke off that
let's get back to the music, i ain't with all that
plus the feds tapping my music -- y'all get all that?
i'm the public industry #1
public industry #2 is my whole crew (r.o.c.!)
now i ain't down with who like me or who like you
that's gay, i ain't into liking dudes no way
but get a pen, i can tell you pricks my plans for the future
i never make the news again, my man'll shoot ya


as we smoke that la la la
memph bleek still smoking that la la la
beanie sigel, desert eagle the .45
it's the roc, bitch; sing our lullaby
c'mon
excuse me miss, i'm the shit
you should come hang with me, basically
whoa! skip all the singing let's get right tonight, mami



kanyeezy you did it again, you a genius, nigga!


lucifer, son of the morning! i'm gonna chase you out of earth
(i'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital)
lucifer, son of the morning! i'm gonna chase you out of earth
(so you need to change your attitude 'fore they asking what happened to you)


lord forgive him, he got them dark forces in him
but he also got a righteous cause for sinning
them-a-murder me, so i gotta murder them first
emergency, doctors performing procedures
jesus, i ain't trying to be facetious, but
"vengeance is mine" sayeth the lord, you said it better than all
leave niggas on death's door, breathing on
respirators for killing my best boy, haters
on permanent hiatus as i skate
in the maybach benz, flyer than sanaa lathan
pumping "brown sugar" by d'angelo
in los angeles, like an evangelist
i can introduce you to your maker
bring you closer to nature, ashes after they cremate you bastards
hope you been reading your psalms and chapters
paying your tithe, being good catholics, i'm coming


lucifer, lucifer, son of the morning! i'm gonna chase you out of earth
(i'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital)
lucifer, lucifer, son of the morning! i'm gonna chase you out of earth
(so you need to change your attitude 'fore they asking what happened to you)


yes, this is holy war, i wet y'all all with the holy water
spray from the heckler-koch automatic
all the static, shall cease to exist
like a sabbatical, i throw couple at you, take six!
spread love, to all of my dead thugs
i pour out a little louis, 'till i head above
yessir, and when i perish, the meek shall inherit the earth
'til that time, it's on and popping, church
like don bishop, the fifth or palm cock either
lift up your soul or give you the holy ghost
please i leave you in somebody's cathedral for stunting like evel knievel
i'll let you see where that bright light leads you
the more you talk, the more you irking us
the more you gon' need memorial services
the black album, second verse, is like
devil's pie, save some dessert for us


man, i gotta get my soul right
i gotta get these devils out my life
these cowards gonna make a nigga ride
they won't be happy 'til somebody die
oh man, i gotta get my soul right
'fore i'm locked up for my whole life
every time it seems it's alright
somebody want they soul to rise
i chase you off of this earth
(let me get serious for y'all, one second)


i got dreams of holding a nine milla to bob's killer
asking him "why?" as my eyes fill up
these days i can't wake up with a dry pillow
gone but not forgotten, homes i still feel ya
so, curse the day that birthed the bastard
who caused your church mass, reverse the crash
reverse the blast then reverse the car
reverse the day and there you are, bobalob
lord forgive him, we all have sinned
but bob's a good dude, please let him in
and if you feel in my heart that i long for revenge
please blame it on the son of the morning, thanks again

woo! geah, geah (young) geah
uhh, turn the music up, turn the lights down, i'm in my zone


thank god for granting me this moment of clarity
this moment of honesty
the world'll feel my truths
all through my hard knock lifetime, a gift and a curse
i gave you volume after volume of my work
so you can feel my truths
i built the dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
way beyond a reasonable doubt
y'all can't fill my shoes
from my blueprint beginning to that black album ending
listen close, you'll hear what i'm about
nigga, feel my truths

pop died, didn't cry, didn't know him that well
between him doing heroin and me doing crack sales
with that in the eggshell, standing at the tabernacle
rather the church, pretending to be hurt wouldn't work
so a smirk was all on my face
like, "damn, that man's face is just like my face"
so pop, i forgive you for all the shit that i lived through
it wasn't all your fault, homie, you got caught
into the same game i fought (ugh), that uncle ray lost (ugh)
my big brothers and so many others i saw
i'm just glad we got to see each other
talk and re-meet each other
save a place in heaven 'til the next time we meet forever!


thank god for granting me this moment of clarity
this moment of honesty
the world'll feel my truths
all through my hard knock lifetime, a gift and a curse
i gave you volume after volume of my work
so you can feel my truths
i built the dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
way beyond a reasonable doubt
y'all can't fill my shoes
from my blueprint beginning to that black album ending
listen close, you'll hear what i'm about
nigga, feel my truths


music business hate me ‘cause the industry ain't make me
hustlers and boosters embrace me and the music i be making
i dumb down for my audience and double my dollars
they criticize me for it, yet they all yell "holla"
if skills sold, truth be told, i'd probably be lyrically talib kweli
truthfully i wanna rhyme like common sense
but i did 5 mill' – i ain't been rhyming like common since (woo!)
when your cents got that much in common
and you been hustling since your inception
fuck perception! go with what makes sense
since i know what i'm up against
we as rappers must decide what's most important
and i can't help the poor if i'm one of them
so i got rich and gave back, to me that's the win-win
so next time you see the homie and his rims spin
just know my mind is working just like them (rims, that is)


thank god for granting me this moment of clarity
this moment of honesty
the world'll feel my truths
all through my hard knock lifetime, a gift and a curse
i gave you volume after volume of my work
so you can feel my truths
i built the dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
way beyond a reasonable doubt
y'all can't fill my shoes
from my blueprint beginning to that black album ending
listen close, you'll hear what i'm about
nigga, feel my truths


my homie sig' was on a tier where no tears should fall
‘cause he was on the block where no squares get off
see, in my inner circle, all we do is ball
'til we all got triangles on our wall
ain't just rapping for the platinum, y'all record
i recall, ‘cause i really been there before (woo)
four scores and seven years ago, prepared the flow
prepared for war, i should fear no man
you don't hear me though, these words ain't just paired to go
in one ear, out the other ear, no! (no)
yo, my balls and my word is alls i have
what you gonna do to me, nigga? scars'll scab
what, you gonna box me, homie? i can dodge a jab
three shots couldn't touch me, thank god for that
i'm strong enough to carry biggie smalls on my back (sup big?)
and the whole bk, nigga, holla back!


thank god for granting me this moment of clarity
this moment of honesty
the world'll feel my truths
all through my hard knock lifetime, a gift and a curse
i gave you volume after volume of my work
so you can feel my truths
i built the dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
way beyond a reasonable doubt
y'all can't fill my shoes
from my blueprint beginning to that black album ending
listen close, you'll hear what i'm about
nigga, feel my truths

well, i'ma s—try to stay above water, you know?
just stay busy, stay working
puff told me, like, "the key to this joint—
the key to staying on top of things is treat everything like it's your first project, know what i'm saying?
like it's your first day, like, while—when you was an intern
like, that's how you try to treat things—like, just stay hungry"
ugh, ugh, ugh (yes, yes)



y'all wanna know why he don't stop?
y'all wanna know why he don't flop?
let me tell you pe-people why
came from the bottom of the block, i—
when i was born, it was sworn:
i was never gon' be shit
had to pull the opposite out this bitch
had to get my ri-ide on (rider)
"eyes on the prize, shawn"
knew i had to, had to, had to get these chips
had to make moves like olajuwon
started out selling dimes and nicks
graduated to a brick, no exaggeration
my infatuation with the strip legendary
like a schoolboy crushin' on
merely nearly-every-every chick (woo)
heavy shit—that's how schoolboy got whipped
and got left on some "just me, myself, and i"
on some trugoy shit
had to voyage to a place of
to a place of no return
had to play with fire and get burned
only way the boy ever gon' learn
had to lay in wait in the cut 'til i finally got my turn
now, i'm on top in the spot that i earned


it's my life
it's my pain and my struggle
the song that i sing to you is my everything
treat my first like my last (it's my life)
and my last like my first (ugh)
and my thirst is the same as when i came
it's my joy and my tears and my laughter it brings to me (yeah)
it's my everything


like i never rode in a limo
like i just dropped flows to a demo (woo)
like it's '92 again and
and i got o's in the rental (ugh)
back in the stu' again, no problemo
was a whole lot simple; when you think back
you thought that you would never make it this far; then you—
take advantage of the luck you handed
or the talent you been given
ain't no half-steppin'; ain't no, no slippin'
ain't no different from a block that's hittin'
gotta get it while the getting's good
gotta strike while the iron's hot
when you stop, then you gotta bid it good riddance
goodbye! this is my second major breakup
my first was with a pager
with a hoopty, a cook-pot, and the game
this one's with the stu', with the stage, with the fortune—
well, maybe not the fortune—but certainly the fame


it's my life—it's my pain and my struggle (ugh)
the songs that i sing to you is my everything
treat my first like my last and my last like my first
and my thirst is the same as when i came (ugh-ugh)
it's my joy and my tears and my laughter it brings to me
it's my everything (ugh-ugh)
treat my first like my last
and my last like my first (ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh)
and my thirst like the first song i sang


woo, ugh
it's like the blues, nigga
we gon' ride out on this one
ty-ty, b-high
yo high, remember you was making them baskets for them niggas at radio and shit?
(clark kent)
that was good looking-out, nigga
(carlene)
who ever thought we'd make it this far, homie?
(sha)
they can't stop us, know what i'm sayin'?
(lenny s)
dame, what up?
(robbing the bank)
niggas thought we was crazy, man (haha)
remember, wh—uh, you had that fucked-up-ass handwriting
you was writing all the numbers that we was spending down for the videos we was doing ourselves (yes)
(ski, what up? original flavor in the house)
your accounting was crazy wrong and shit, but we—we still put it together
biggs, what's up?
'member we went to st. thomas, and, uh—
(john meneilly)
—your dog peed on homie leg and shit at his crib
(i think that was ruby)
and they was having a lil' trouble with the pool
you and ty-ty was laughing
emory was there—what up, emory? (ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh)
what up, ty? (ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh)
hip-hop—what up, man?
ayy, ayy, hop—you ain't—you ain't have no, uh—
you ain't have no muh'fucking seat on your b—on your bicycle
now, you, uh, the head of black music
that's what i'm talking 'bout right there, homie
gee—what up, gee?
(yessir)
e'erybody in the roc
hey, guru, i know you spoiled, man
i be taking them shits in one take
you gonna have to punch niggas' shit
(stiggity)
you gon' be tight?
og juan, what up? i'm a lil' upset that you wasn't involved in this whole process, but it's all good
what's up, dez?
my whole family, my nephews, ti-ti
cousin angie, what's up?
(bey, bey, bey, bey)
mom, you made the album—how crazy is that?
bob-a-lob, rest in peace
my pops, rest in peace (what's up a.j.?)
biggie smalls, rest in peace
ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh
nigga, i—i'm 'bout to go golfing, man
ayy, i might even have me a cappuccino—fuck it!
i'm going somewhere nice where no mosquitoes at, nigga
holler at me!
it's your boy! {*headphones fall*}

this is a public service announcement
sponsored by just blaze and the good folks at roc-a-fella records
fellow americans, it is with the utmost pride and sincerity that i present this recording as a living testament and recollection of history in the making during our generation

allow me to re-introduce myself
my name is hov, oh, h to the o-v
i used to move snowflakes by the o-z
i guess even back then you can call me
ceo of the r-o-c, hov
fresh out the fryin' pan into the fire
i be the music biz number one supplier
flyer than a piece of paper bearin' my name
got the hottest chick in the game wearin' my chain, that's right
hov, oh, not d.o.c.
but similar to them letters, "no one can do it better"
i check cheddar like a food inspector
my homie strict told me, "dude, finish your breakfast"
so that's what i'ma do, take you back to the dude with the lexus
fast-forward the jewels and the necklace
let me tell you dudes what i do to protect this
i shoot at you actors like movie directors
this ain't a movie, dog (oh, shit)


ving ain't lie
i done came through the block in everything that's fly
i'm like che guevara with bling on, i'm complex
i never claimed to have wings on
nigga, i get my "by any means" on whenever there's a drought
get your umbrellas out because that's when i brainstorm
you can blame shawn, but i ain't invent the game
i just rolled the dice, trying to get some change
and i'd do it twice, ain't no sense in me
lying as if i am a different man
and i could blame my environment but
there ain't no reason why i be buying expensive chains
hope you don't think users are the only abusers
niggas getting high within the game
if you do then, how would you explain?
i'm ten years removed, still the vibe is in my veins
i got a hustler spirit, nigga, period
check out my hat yo, peep the way i wear it
check out my swag' yo, i walk like a ballplayer
no matter where you go, you are what you are player
and you can try to change but that's just the top layer
man, you was who you was 'fore you got here
only god can judge me, so i'm gone
either love me, or leave me alone


now, back to our regularly scheduled program, l'album noir: the black album

gimme that beat, fool, it’s a full-time jack move
don’t worry, 'schino, i'll give it back soon
just having a little fun
wassup, my nigga?
s. dot, the collection
black album coming soon
just gon' vent a little bit
have a little fun with it
yes, yes


ain't nobody dumpin' on hov, you ain’t in sanitation
or sanitarium, what are you, crazy? jay-z'll bury 'em
i'll get you drug out the club, they'll have to carry 'em
go ahead, bug out, i'll raid, nigga, scurry
worry, i'm, not, the mike jordan of the mic recording
it's hovi, baby, you kobe, maybe; tracy mcgrady
matter-fact, you a harold miner
j.r. rider, washed up on marijuana
even worse, you a pervis ellis
you worthless, fella; you ain't no athlete, you shawn bradley
i ain’t talkin' to nobody in particular
my flow's just vehicular homicide when i’m kickin' up dust!
anybody in my path is a car crash waiting to happen
nigga, what!
i got my foot on the throat on the pulse of this rap game
and i ain’t letting up, yup!
who’s the nicest? life or lifeless on these mic devices
and i don't write this, i just mic this, i will it to happen
one-take hov, i’m real at this rapping
my new name is just the facts
while the rest of y'all just adjust the facts
put words together, just to match
i say what i feel, y’all adjust to that
i do the opposite of y’all so i just attract
the realer audience usually unjustly black
know my flow and the shit they go through just match
like the sound of my voice and a choice just track
i just tackle the subject, the flak from the public is nothing
i know real niggas happen to love it
if you don’t like it, then look in the mirror
most likely you ain’t live it so you don’t get it
you ain’t did it, so you can't vision, the picture i’m painting
ain't vivid, the language i’m spitting is so foreign to ya
see what starving'll do to ya
growin' up hard in a little apartment'll do to ya


hah, i’m just talkin’ to ya
i'm just talkin' through ya

(aaooowwww!!!) it's so rock and roll
jay skateboarder...


i be the king of the roc, there is none higher
fuck 'jay-z' - y'all should call me sire
i won't stop rocking 'til i retire
i got lyor rich, y'all got niggas fired
i'm a cash cow, nigga, i'm 'bout to cash out
'bout to drop the black album and back out
i ain't gotta come back out to pull that maybach out the garage
rap's my hobby, spending money's my job
army in the cup (cup), giorgio armani special cut
scooby doo's walkin' on you mutts
i'm back on it the famous face with the mask on it
playin' laser tag with the mag, you can not want it
you can get it in a new york minute
i draw a square and i dare you to walk in it
listen, you're a square, don't get your corner bended
you're a circle, i will hurt you, you're a zero, i'm a hero
i should fear no man but god
yet and still i could chill in the city of god's in brazil
i'm that real was selling crack in the building
back when selling crack in the building was a big deal, i'm that chill
it's like having ice on the face of a watch when i enter the spot time stands still
ill, check out the metaphors i build
made me bigger than u.s steel, tell em' phar-real


you think that you don't have to ever quit
you think that you can get away with it
you think the light won't be ever lit
it's almost over now (the game is hova's now)
something on your chest, better get it off
they'll be no one left when we set it off
we ain't gonna take it no more
said it's almost over now (the game is hova's now)


you, can't be me, i'm a rock star
i'm rhymin on the top of a cop's car
i'm a rebel and my .44 pops far
(it's almost over now, the game is hova's now)
i guess, you ain't heard that we swallow guys
it's too damn late to apologize
when you see the mantle or will you see the skies
(it's almost over now, the game is hova's now.. nigga!)


it's so motherfuckin' rock and roll jay skateboarder
i wanna send a, special shout out to bleek, man
hahahaha, yes, baseline recordings
s dot collection in stores
black album 'bout to change the face of music
(yes, yes, yes)


you, can't be me, i'm a rock star
y'all rhymin' from the back of a cop car
y'all pointin' niggas out like, "there they are"
(it's almost over now, the game is hova's now)


as tough as niggas is talkin', it's no wonder i'm still walking
i've been runnin' new york so long i'm exhausted
now fuck forfeit, nah get the fuck off it
or get knock the fuck off it
and i'm talking to uh, fuck it you're all sick
and i'm fucking with you ma 'cause i don't give a fuck about your boyfriend
i'm spiteful, if i don't like you
i'm liable, to buy you, then drop you
i son niggas like i adopted you, deliver shots like a doctor do
not the one from the watcher 2
it's young, i'll back your soldiers down
it's almost over now, the game is hova's now


ha ha ha, yes! lenny motherfucking s has just walked into the building
s. carter collection
kicks is mean, black album in stores
guru close the door on these niggas!
let's go!
let's go!
i'm out this motherfucker

ayo i cannot (stop), i will not (stop)
as.. we.. proceed..


young hov got the block on smash
put the gun to the back and hop on some ass
nigga fresh-dressed and stay poppin' tags
put the ewings on the truck 'for i drop the rag
bitches want to bring up the topic of my past
it's legendary in the hood how i got my cash
i'm legendary in the hood so i got the mag
and i've never been a fronter so i've got to blast
will i flash... not...
as i'm not playing with you motherfuckers the laughter stops
when your casket drops
you bastards not gon' assassinate the name i got
ya'll don't hear me though
young hov got the block on smash
and everybody and their momma want to stop my cash
everybody want drama with the top of the brass
'til i come through hop out the cap
1-8-7 they ass


(stop) somebody gon' (drop)
y'all don't hear me though...


i cannot (stop), i will not (stop)
as.. we.. proceed..


young hov got the game in a frenzy
twenty million sold all independently
so when you mention me
make sure you got together your similes
like he's the game's j.f. kennedy
uhh, i started out i ain't have no chimney
my ma was santa claus, well at least she pretended to be
'til one night, well that's if memory serves me correct i caught her under the christmas tree
young hov ain't have no pop's
thank god man i had the block
ya'll don't hear me though
you young fucks got the game all wrong
this is my life man this ain't no song
you ain't livin' your rhymes out, you live at your mom's house
in that tight-ass room, pullin' the cars out
and the mirror pointin' at your reflection, killing yourself
you american pie, stop feeling yourself
nigga, you just a worker, go deal yourself
stop being a server, get a meal yourself
where your heart at, all that yick-yack, ain't nobody scared of y'all gats
we got bigger ones
i mean niggas done shot at me shivering
they were so scared they ain't hit me once
young hov 'bout to go to the range
'bout to work on perfecting my aim
y'all don’t hear me though


i cannot……
i cannot……
i will not……
as we proceed

put that knife in ya, take a little bit of life from ya
am i frightenin' ya? shall i continue?
i put the gun to ya, i let it sing you a song
i let it hum to ya, the other one sing along
now it's a duet and you wet when you check out
the technique from the two tecs and i don't need two lips
to blow this like a trumpet, you dumb shit
this is a unusual musical, i conduct it
you lookin' at the black warren buffett
so all critics can duck sick
i don't care if you c. delores tuck-it
or you bill o'reilly, you only rilin' me up
for three years, they had me peein' out of a cup
now they 'bout to free me up, what you think i'm gon' be, what?
rehabilitated? man, i still feel hatred
i'm young, black and rich so they wanna strip me naked, but
you'll never have me like christina aguiler-y
but catch me down the westside, drivin' like halle berry
or the fdr, in the seat of my car
screamin' out the sunroof, "death to y'all"
you can't kill me, i live forever through these bars
i put the wolves on ya, i put a price on your head
the whole hood'll want ya, you startin' to look like bread
i send them boys at ya, i ain't talkin' 'bout feds
nigga, them body-snatchers, nigga, you heard what i said


i make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
put your smarts on the side of your garment
nigga, stop fuckin' with me
r... i... p...


grown man, i put hands on you
i dig a hole in the desert, then build the sands on you
lay out blueprint plans on you
we rat pack niggas, let sam tap dance on you
then i sinatra, shot ya, goddamn you
i put the boy in the box like david blaine
let the audience watch, it ain't a thang
y'all wish i was frontin', i george bush the button
for the oil in your car, lift up your hood, nigga run it
then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it
your boy got the goods, y'all don't want nothin' of it
like, castor oil, i'll castor troy you
change your face or the bullets change all that for you
y'all niggas is targets, y'all garages for bullets
please don't make me park it in your upper level
valet a couple strays from the .38 special, nigga, god bless you


i make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
put your smarts on the side of your garment
nigga, stop fuckin' with me
r... i... p...


when the gun's tucked, untucked, nigga, you dies
like nunchuks held by the jet l-i
i'm the one, thus meaning, no one must try
no two, no three, no four—know why?
because one's four-five might blow yo' high
you ain't gotta go to church to get to know yo' god
it's a match made in heaven when i—
i make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
put your smarts on the side of your garment
nigga, stop fuckin' with me
r... i... p...



turn the music up, turn me down
guru, let's go get 'em again
this time it's for the money, my nigga
brooklyn, stand up


there's never been a nigga this good for this long
this hood or this pop, this hot or this strong
with so many different flows, this one's for this song
the next one i switch up, this one will get bit up
these fucks, too lazy to make up shit, they crazy
they don't, paint pictures, they just, trace me
you know what? soon they forget where they plucked
their whole style from then try to reverse the outcome
i'm like, "taa!"
i'm not a biter, i'm a writer for myself and others
i say a b.i.g. verse, i'm only biggin' up my brother
biggin' up my borough, i'm big enough to do it
i'm that thorough, plus i know my own flow is foolish
so them rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out
it's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
i'm in, new sneakers, dual-seaters, few divas
what more can i tell you? let me spell it for you:
w-i, double-l, i-e
nobody truer than h-o-v
and i'm back for more, new york's ambassador
prime minister, back to finish my business up


you already know what i'm about: flyin' birds down south
movin' wet off the step, purple rain in a drought
stuntin' on hoes, brushin' off my shirt
but ain't nothin' on my clothes 'cept my chain, my name
young h-o, pitch the yay faithful
even if they patrol, i make payroll
benz paid for, friends they roll
private jets down to turks and caicos
cris' caseloads, i don't give a shit
nigga, one life to live, i can't let a day go
by without me bein' fly, fresh to death
head to toe 'til the day i rest
and i don't wear jerseys, i'm 30-plus
give me a crisp pair of jeans, nigga, button-ups
s. dots on my feet make my cipher complete
what more can i say? guru, play the beat


now you know your ass is willie when they got you in the mag
for like half a billy and your ass ain't lily-white
that mean that shit you write must be illy
either that or your flow is silly, it's both
i don't mean to boast, but damn, if i don't brag
them crackers gon' act like i ain't on they ass
the martha stewart that's far from jewish
far from a harvard student, just had the balls to do it
and no i'm not through with it
in fact, i'm just previewin' it
this ain't the show, i'm just eqin' it
one-two and i won't stop abusin' it
to groupie girls: stop false accusin' it
back to the music, the maybach roof is translucent
niggas got a problem, houston!
what up b, they can't shut up me
shut down i, not even p.e., i'ma ride
god forgive me for my brash delivery
but i remember vividly what these streets did to me
so picture me lettin' these clowns nitpick at me
paint me like a pickany
i will literally kiss tt in the forehead
tell her, "please forgive me," then squeeze into your forehead
i'm not the one to score points off, in fact
i got a joint that'll knock your points off
young hova the god, nigga, blast for me
i'm at the trump international, ask for me
i ain't never scared, i'm everywhere, you ain't never there
and nigga, why would i ever care?
pound for pound, i'm the best to ever come around here
excludin' nobody, look what i embody:
the soul of a hustler, i really ran the street
a ceo's mind, that marketin' plan was me
and no, i ain't get shot up a whole bunch of times
or make up shit in a whole bunch of lines
and i ain't animated like, say, a busta rhymes
but the real shit you get when you bust down my lines
add that to the fact i went plat' a bunch of times
times that by my influence on pop culture
i'm supposed to be number one on everybody list
we'll see what happens when i no longer exist
fuck this man



if you with us, throw the diamond up one time (yo yo yo)
ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (yo yo yo)
homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (yo yo yo)
and make her (show out her wild side, push out her backside)


what the fuck they gon' do with me?
got money, got broads, got a crew with me
gorillas, banana clips, i got a zoo with me
get down or lay down nigga to shoot with me
now how the fuck they gon' deal with me?
i ain't going nowhere, they gotta deal with me
got the whole bk ready to kill with me
you scared motherfucker? keep it real with me
keep it real with me
now what the fuck they gon say to me? got to clap, yi mean?
all day with me, clap, yi mean?
don't play with me, clap, yi mean?
stay with me, don't lose me y'all
and please don't confuse me with dawg, i'm different
i bought it back for a living
thirty-three o's on a chick back like pippen
three she can keep for herself and distribute
thirty-six o's in a ki, you do the addition
before mitchell and ness did it
i was moving birds like a oriole fitted
i'm cal ripken jr., let's get it


if you with us, throw the diamond up one time (yo yo yo)
ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (yo yo yo)
homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (yo yo yo)
and make her (show out her wild side, push out her backside)
if you with us, throw the diamond up one time (yo yo yo)
ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (yo yo yo)
homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (yo yo yo)
and make her (show out her wild side, push out her backside)


honey, what they gon' say to you?
got your hair did and your favorite shoes
tell 'em don't play with you
get 'em away from you, you need a baller like i
call 'em like i, see 'em like, "nah"
move over, y'all amateurs
no, you not balling, that's pro-am shit
oh, stop calling that's ho man shit
stop falling asleep, that's old man shit
i stands up in it like a champ up in it
be up in it so long, get my calls transferred in it
no more minute man in it
get my soundscan, bds and market at glance in it


if you with us, throw the diamond up one time (yo yo yo)
ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (yo yo yo)
homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (yo yo yo)
and make her (show out her wild side, push out her backside)
if you with us, throw the diamond up one time (yo yo yo)
ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (yo yo yo)
homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (yo yo yo)
and make her (show out her wild side, push out her backside)


(what y'all gon do?) you got starch in your flow
i flow too many ways, got a arch in my flow, all sorts of flow
rembrandt, rilke, i am art with the flow
even if i'm guilty, you gotta pardon the flow
niggas taking it lightly, had to darken the flow
way i put it together, tear 'em apart with the flow
i'm too smart with the flow, you just started the flow
stop it youngin, you 106 & park with the flow
i am pro, as you see, i'm off the charts with the flow
actually i'm number one on the charts with the flow
in some places they say this, i am god with the flow
like my office but they're biased, too involved with the flow
although i am the youth spirit, i am y'all with the flow
troubled man, dare i say, i am mar' with the flow
i come up hard but i evolve with the flow
crossover, slam dunk, rucker park with the flow, let's go


if you with us, throw the diamond up one time (yo yo yo)
ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (yo yo yo)
homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (yo yo yo)
and make her (show out her wild side, push out her backside)
if you with us, throw the diamond up one time (yo yo yo)
ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (yo yo yo)
homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (yo yo yo)
and make her (show out her wild side, push out her backside)


yes (woo) yes (woo, yo, yo yo yo)
yes (woo) yes (woo, yo yo, yo yo yo)
yes (woo) yes (woo, haha, yo yo yo)
yes (bum bum)



i'm america's worst nightmare
i'm young, black, and holdin' my nuts like "chyeah!"
y'all was in the pub, having a light beer
i was at the club, having a fight there
y'all can go home, husband and wife there
my mama at work tryna buy me the right gear
nine years old, uncle lost his life here
i grew up thinking life ain't fair
how can i get a real job? china white right there
right in front of my sight like, "here, yeah
there's your ticket out the ghetto—take flight right here
sell me you go bye-bye here," damn!
there's a different set of rules we abide by here
you need a gun—niggas might drive by here
y'all having fun, racing all your hotrods there
downloading all our music on your ipods there
i'm chuck d, standing in the crosshairs here
y'all straight, chicks got horse hair here
y'all ain't gotta be in fear of y'all bosses there
you lose your job, your pop rich, y'all don't care
so i don't care, y'all acting like y'all don't hear
all the screams from the ghetto, all the teens ducking metal here
so they steam like a kettle here
tryna take they mind to a whole different level here
yeah, we real close to devil here
gotta be a better way; somebody call a reverend here
yeah, y'all must really be in heaven there
somebody tell god that we got a couple questions here
my lil' cuz never got to see his seventh year
and i'm so used to pain that i ain't even shed a tear
yeah


