
uh, martin had a dream
martin had a dream
kendrick have a dream


all my life i want money and power
respect my mind or die from lead shower
i pray my dick get big as the eiffel tower
so i can fuck the world for seventy-two hours


goddamn i feel amazin', damn, i'm in the matrix
my mind is livin' on cloud nine and this 9 is never on vacation
start up that maserati and – vroom-vroom! – i'm racin'
poppin' pills in the lobby and i pray they don't find her naked
and i pray you niggas is hatin', shooters go after judas
jesus christ, if i live life on my knees ain't no need to do this
park it in front of lueders, next to that church's chicken
all you pussies is losers, all my niggas is winnin', screamin'—


all my life i want money and power
respect my mind or die from lead shower
i pray my dick get big as the eiffel tower
so i can fuck the world for seventy-two hours


goddamn i got bitches (okay), damn i got bitches (okay)
damn i got bitches: wifey, girlfriend and mistress
all my life i want money and power
respect my mind or die from lead shower


i've got twenty-five lighters on my dresser, yessir
put fire to that ass, body cast on a stretcher
and her body got that ass that a ruler couldn't measure
and it make me cum fast, but i never get embarrassed
and i recognize you have what i've been wantin' since that record
that adina howard had pop it fast to impress her
she rollin', i'm holdin' my scrotum imposin'
this voice here is golden, so fuck y'all, i goes in, and—


all my life i want money and power
respect my mind or die from lead shower
i pray my dick get big as the eiffel tower
so i can fuck the world for seventy-two hours


goddamn i got bitches, damn i got bitches
damn i got bitches: wifey, girlfriend and mistress
all my life i want money and power
respect my mind or, nigga, it's go time


i roll in dough with a good grind
and i run that ho with a baton
that's a relay race with a bouquet
they say, "k, you goin' marry mines"
biatch! no way, biatch! no way
biatch! no way, biatch! okay
i'm never livin' life confined
it's a failure even if i'm blind
i can tell you who, what, when, where
how to sell your game right on time
biatch! go play, biatch! go play
biatch! go play
biatch, i look like o. j.​
killin' everything from pussy to a mothafuckin' hit-boy beat
she pussy poppin' and i got options like an audible, i be
c-o-m-p-t-o-n, i win, then ball at your defeat
c-o-m-p-t-o-n, my city, mobbin' in the street, yellin'—


all my life i want money and power
respect my mind or die from lead shower
i pray my dick get big as the eiffel tower
so i can fuck the world for seventy-two hours


goddamn i got bitches, damn i got bitches
damn i got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress
all my life i want money and power
respect my mind or die from lead shower


let it run, ali
martin had a dream
martin had a dream
kendrick have a dream

classic, young gotti
gangsta, gangsta


look, swallow your pride and then eat a dick
make the ruler's apologize you ain't ruling the shit
i'm rick rubin in 85 with the beard thick
dick bitch tight the movie and slanted eyes that squinch
i tell you that i'm one up, sun down then sun up
son, i son niggas i probably fucked up your mama
no condom, it's good pussy
pussy, tell it to your honor that this trauma is jeffrey dahmer
took me too many moons set up this new platoon
get ambushed or kicked, pushed with push broom
man look, your man, look like sweet water
corn bread to break under pressure if he's caught up
big homie said i gotta crawl before i walk
and if i ran my mouth then my legs would get cut off
i'm just a  young boss with a bat cave
back against the wall closer my back came back with them back pains, whoa
tell em put my name on the blimp
ball like i'm derrick rose you should know my gym
you playa's not allowed i'm sparking your game towels
and spikn' your gatorade with gasoline i'm foul
i'm in the crowd like artest and them
i move the crowd like artest and them
punchlines mean i really go punch civilians
crunch time mean i take it to the hole
not this basket but rather the good pussy that i'm in
i assassin you niggas i make you wait shake in
blank tapes in your deck, niggas still break their neck
they hear it you need plans with the label just to spin
i need to clear it with the bank just to win
club accounts go 15 racks when you wet like that shit
it's gotta be a sin. hm. so lord forgive me i'm a sinner
hm. these hoes squeeze me cause i'm a winner
back when we ate canned food for dinner, i coat food and the..tools make my agenda
i show fools i'm nasty like tofu i wish a
motherfucker would get your whole career injured
this assault what a deadly weapon
guilt your favourite rapper, favourite rapper last record
we fucked your baby actress on the map just what a blessing
make that pussy ante up she call my dick anti-depressive
i'm really not depressed with, none of you niggas stressing
that's some of you niggas bless with the gift to carry the presence
a big in pac and pop with..and with investments
15 minutes come up with 60 seconds
last month i've been six hours inside of session
came up with shit writers block niggas up in this stressing
like who the fuck cares? who the fuck cares? even if you get drunk up
still be a millionaire
you could play a santa claus and make sure you're the whole dear
every verse i put that bitch in the hearse, while boy stear
uh church to your pussy and push me get pack..
verse that you cookie i read it my foot is here big boy

alright
and you don't stop, and it don't stop
and you don't stop
and it don't stop
and you don't, and you don't, and you don't
and you don't, and you don't, and you don't
and you don't, and you don't, and you don't, and you don't, and you don't stop


this be that shit that make real niggas grab they dick
and bitches rubbin' on they tits as if they think this monkeys rich
monkey see what monkey do, you monkeys never make no tips
climbup the tree shit on you
paranoid the shit and bricks that can build the castle
hastle and breaking your picket fence
i know pterodactyls that still exist
clappin if you resist to cooperate, go home and see their daughters go..
you at risk if you wear bracelet, we want your wrist
we can taste it from planet pluto
dog gonnit you panic just like a poodle rip out your culo then kudos
two door regals, el caminos, and two more
sevilles with the whitewalls, wipe it off with my shoe ho
i feel you just menthol, meant to get smoked and sent off to your maker
trace your..with no the ..coach
mean ain't no hood high up in california and g watches snoops
ladies press down i bet you dog watchin, west coast what's up?

gangsta, gangsta you don't stop

and you don't, and you don't and you don't
and you don't, and you don't and you don't
and you don't, and you don't, and you don't
and you don't, and you don't stop
yeah, ah
1 2, la what's at it with it
kendrick lamar
you dig that, we out here
look


me while i'm in compon stomping through the swamp to swap meet
going back to l.a. ya'll
tryin to see what's poppin
you cannot stop me
jay rock, schoolboy, top dog entertainment
we the best, with the west
who can blame me
i've been put up on all the og's
dre snoop, quick easy e
dj quick and now it's me
then you see game, now we finna change
the whole fucking game smash it know you lames
compton you should already know the name yeah we pop it
i shout out the whole westside because i got it like that
and if we had it once then we got it right back
and if you ever had it you won't have it no more
and if we see the back though we to the front door
taking your bread, crucifying everybody off with their head
this is freestyle of the top of the dome
and you know big boi that's my home
what's up?

and you do stop, and you do stop, and you do stop
and you do, and you do, and you do and you do
and you do, and you do, and you do and you do
and you do, and you do, and you do and you do
and you do, and you do, and you do stop

i am a sinner
who's prob'ly gonna sin again
lord, forgive me, lord, forgive me
things i don't understand
sometimes i need to be alone
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
i can feel your energy from two planets away, i got
my drink, i got my music, i would share it, but today i'm yellin'
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe


look inside of my soul and you can find gold and maybe get rich
look inside of your soul and you can find out it never exist
i can feel the changes, i can feel a new life, i always
knew life can be dangerous, i can say that i like a challenge
and you tell me it's painless, you don't know what pain is
how can i paint this picture when the color blind is hangin' witcha?
fell on my face and awoke with a scar, another mistake livin' deep in my heart
wear it on top of my sleeve in a flick, i can admit that it did look like yours
why you resent every makin' of his? tell me your purpose is petty again
but even a small lighter can burn a bridge, even a small lighter can burn a bridge


i can feel the changes, i can feel the new people round me
just wanna be famous, you can see that my city found me
then put me on stages, to me, that's amazin'
to you, that's a quick check, with all disrespect, let me say this


i am a sinner
who's prob'ly gonna sin again
lord, forgive me, lord, forgive me
things i don't understand
sometimes i need to be alone
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
i can feel your energy from two planets away, i got
my drink, i got my music, i would share it, but today i'm yellin'
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe


i'm tryna keep it alive and not compromise the feelin' we love
you're tryna keep it deprived and only co-sign what radio does
and i'm lookin' right past ya, we live in a world, we live in a world
on two different axles, you live in a world, you livin' behind
the mirror, i know what you're scared of, the feeling of feeling emotions inferior
this shit is vital, i know you had to, this shit is vital, i know you had to
die in a pitiful vain, tell me a watch and a chain is way more believable
give me a feasible gain, rather a seasonal name, i'll let the people know
this is somethin' you can blame on yourselves, you can remain stuck in a box
i'ma breakout and then hide every lock, i'ma breakout and then hide every lock


i can feel the changes, i can feel the new people round me
just wanna be famous, you can see that my city found me
then put me on stages, to me, that's amazin'
to you, that's a quick check, with all disrespect, let me say this


i am a sinner
who's prob'ly gonna sin again
lord, forgive me, lord, forgive me
things i don't understand
sometimes i need to be alone
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
i can feel your energy from two planets away, i got
my drink, i got my music, i would share it, but today i'm yellin'
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe


bitch, don't kill my vibe, you ain't heard the coast
like this in a long time, don't you see that long line?
and they waitin' on kendrick like the 1st and the 15th
threes in the air, i can see you are in sync
hide your feelings, hide your feelings, now, what you better do
i'll take your girlfriend then put that pussy on the pedestal

bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
walk out the door and they scream, "it's alive!"
my new year's resolution is to stop all the pollution
talk too motherfuckin' much, i got my drink, i got my music
i say, bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe



so i'm saying, "what up? what up? nigga, you made it"
so i'm saying, "what up? what up? nigga, you made it"
so i'm saying, "what up? what up? nigga, you made it"
so i'm saying, "what up? what up? nigga, i hate it"
so i'm saying, "what up? what up? nigga, i hate it"
frustrated and i'm riding down them back streets
making my conscience ask me
"will i survive to make it up out this hole in time?"
black boy fly, black boy fly
black, black boy fly, black boy fly

i used to be jealous of arron afflalo
i used to be jealous of arron afflalo
he was the one to follow
he was the only leader foreseeing brighter tomorrows
he would live in the gym, we was living in sorrow
total envy of him, he made his dream become a reality
actually making it possible to swim
his way up outta compton with further more to accomplish
graduate with honors, a sponsor of basketball scholars
it's 2004 and i'm watching him score thirty
remember vividly how them victory points had hurt me
'cause every basket was a reaction or a reminder
that we was just moving backwards
the bungalow where you find us
the art of us ditching classes, heading nowhere fast
stick my head inside the study hall, he focused on math
determination ambition, plus dedication and wisdom
qualities he was given was the shit we didn't have
dug inside of his book bag and coach palmer asked for his finals
he had his back like a spinal, meanwhile
we singing the same old song spinning the vinyl
eleven graders gone wrong
he focused on the nba, we focused on some patron
now watch that black boy fly


i used to be jealous of jayceon
i used to be jealous of jayceon taylor when i was young
taylor made a career out of music from writing songs
a buick had driven past bumping him when i mowed the lawn
money laundering hustling, homies pondering up against
schemes to make a million even if doing you harm
war's the case and just in case you wasn't alarmed
the city had fought with firearms and many had died before dawn
it's 2004 and i'm hearing the people roar
for the name of the game, they line in front of the store
swap meets, selling our mixtapes, i'm like, "oh shit, wait"
don't wanna be another nigga stuck regretting mistakes
mixed feelings was my opinion, i was defending my insecurities
chillin' my conscience next to a villain
compton made you believe success wasn't real
be honest, none of us knew of a record deal
so as i peel through these lottery tickets
i see a harley davidson truck visit the same plaza we shopped
a tall nigga hopped out with jordans and a white tank top
he was top of the rap game, we was the top of the block
so watch that black boy fly


my mama didn't raise me up to be jealous-hearted
like most of the winners call it
regardless of where you stay, hold your head and continue marching
that's what she said, but in my head i wanted to be like jordan
award touring the country with money from mic recording
the only way out the ghetto, you know the stereotype
shooting hoops or live on the stereo like top 40
and shortly, i got discouraged
like every time i walked to the corner, had them guns bursting
nigga, i was rehearsing in repetition the phrase
that only one in a million will ever see better days
especially when the crime waves was bigger than tsunamis
break your boogie boards to pieces, you just a typical homie
all these niggas facetious and they all standing beside me
they all'll buy me a chopper if any one of you try me
what am i to do when every neighborhood is an obstacle?
when two niggas making it out had never sounded logical?
three niggas making it out? that's mission impossible
so i never believed the type of performance that i could do
i wasn't jealous cause of the talents they got
i was terrified they'd be the last black boys to fly out of compton
thank god
(black boy fly, watch that black boy fly)

i wanna hit line drives…
wanna lose weight and keep eating…
for you…
hey, whats up doc?


now i was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
you was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
to a baby boy to be just like you, i-i wonder what's that worth
i-i wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
the next day i-i woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
looked in the mirror, then realized that i-i-i had something to prove
you told me, "don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
which is funny now cause all i see is wile e. coyotes in the room


and i run it (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
and i run it (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
and i run it (yeah! blow!)
and i run it (yeah! blow!)
that's ironic (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
ironic (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
that's ironic (y-yeah!  blow!)
ironic (yeah! blow! yeah!)
salt all in my wounds
hear my tears all in my tunes
let my life loose in this booth
just for you, mothafucka, hope y'all amused
and i run it (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
and i run it (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
and i run it (y-yeah! blow!)
and i run it (yeah! blow!)
that's ironic


liberation… leader…
popular pie plant pictured here…
wile e. coyote! wile e. coyote!

this shit make a nigga just wanna write
reminisce when i had the morning appetite
apple jacks and after that i hit the tv guide
animaniac the only thing that gave me peace of mind
i’m a maniac when aiming at the enemy that lied
tell a story that i'll never grow to 25
not to worry, every warrior will come and see euphoria
and that's a covenant i put on every tribe
ain't nobody gon' tie your shoe
nobody gon' abide by your rule
nobody holding your gun
how come your tongue say, "killa" then kill my mood
light speed living in the world you know
little old me, feeling like a live wire
bet i put some new tires on a lightning bolt
'til i wreck into a pole, like a right to vote
i'm from the bottom of the jungle
living in the bottom of the food chain
when you get a new chain, nigga take it from you
a new name, want stripes, and you a zebra look-alike
hope another homicide don't numb you a nun do
things we will never learn soon
in the era where we wanna earn soon
that's a error, you can smell it in the air
and everybody really doomed
that's why i'm backdooring you motherfuckas
all y'all can suck my dick
all them days at the county building
i'm 'bout to make my mama rich
cartoons and (cereal!) i ain't felt this (good since!)
scrooge mcduck (here we go!), elementary hood shit


now i was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
you was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
to a baby boy to be just like you, i wonder what's that worth
i-i wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
the next day i-i woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
looked in the mirror, then realized that i-i-i had something to prove
you told me, "don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
which is funny now cause all i see is wile e. coyotes in the room


and i run it (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
and i run it (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
and i run it (yeah! blow!)
and i run it (yeah! blow!)
that's ironic (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
ironic (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
that's ironic (y-yeah!  blow!)
ironic (yeah! blow! yeah!)
salt all in my wounds
hear my tears all in my tunes
let my life loose in this booth
just for you, mothafucka, hope y'all amused
and i run it (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
and i run it (blow! blow! blow! blow!)
and i run it (y-yeah! blow!)
and i run it (yeah! blow!)
that's ironic


this shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
even with a pot to piss in
i'ma aim sloppy at a loud mouth, discharge
dismiss any business of yours
discounts never did amount to a check
that ya ass couldn't cash when the shit bounce
everything dismounts, niggas gon' flip that car
aks for the whole hood
house lick went down perfect
two shots to the head he deserved it
i overheard it hit my bed with a bowl and remote control
dark wing duck lost service
mama said i'd better duck, she's nervous
drama all up in the cut, hit the curtains
i mean don't intervene with no gun machine
this block stay jerking, the feds stay lurkin'
emerging on everbody corner (dash for it)
get a toe tag when you play tag
with a task of a new (task force)
everybody wanna know my life
how did i make it (past yours)
well let me tell you like this
i've been running this shit since i (asked for)
cartoons and cereal


now i was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
you was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
to a baby boy to be just like you, i wonder what's that worth
i-i wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
the next day i-i woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
looked in the mirror, then realized that i-i-i had something to prove
you told me, "don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
which is funny now cause all i see is wile e. coyotes in the room
and i run it



now everybody serenade the new faith of kendrick lamar
this is king kendrick lamar
king kendrick and i meant it, my point intended is raw
fix your lenses forensics would've told you kendrick had killed it
pretend it's a massacre and the masses upon us
and i mastered being the master at dodging your honor
and the chapter that read at 25 i would live dormant like five in the morning
they raid your spot while kendrick's performing
and if they take everything, know i got


compton, compton
ain't no city quite like mine

ay, dre what's happening wit' it, my nigga?
still i'm at it, peel the plastic off it, you can feel the magic
still i'm laughing at the critics talking, i can see 'em gagging
when i'm back in the back of my city, back in the 'bach
with a batch of them banging dre beats with me, look where i'm at
it's the murder cap' and i'm captain at birthing this gangsta rap
it's a wrap when i'm done and i come a long way from a hundred dollars a month
to a hundred mil' in a day, bitch i'm from


compton, compton
ain't no city quite like mine


so come and visit the tire screeching, ambulance, policeman
won't you spend a weekend on rosecrans, nigga?
khaki creasing, crime increasing on rosecrans, nigga
kendrick conan, nigga
where you sword at, hand on the cross and swore that
i do it big as rasputia for them shooters
kama sutra scream fuck your position and make you hold that
i'm trying to stay grounded like four flats
but i know flats and piru crip tats


will swarm on me like a beehive
hop in the g ride
from the west to the eastside
know that's just how compton roll


and that's a given
i pass the blunt then pass the torch of course that's my decision
i crash the porsche then you report that you see me in benzes
i must report that we import the narcotics you bought it
then talked about it when crack hit the speakers, the music business
i blow up every time we throw up a record
depending on what you expecting, i'm sure it's bigger than your religion
perfected by niggas that manifested music to live in


compton, compton
ain't no city quite like mine


compton, compton
ain't no city quite like mine


now we can all celebrate
we can all harvest the rap artists of n.w.a
america target our rap market, as controversy and hate
harsh realities we in made our music translate
to the coke dealers, the hood rich
and the broke niggas that play
with them gorillas that know killers
that know where you stay
roll that kush, crack that case, ten bottles of rosé
this was brought to you by dre
now every motherfucker in here say:
"look who's responsible
for taking compton international
i make 'em holla"


ayo just blaze, good looking homie
just blaze
ain't no city quite like mine, yeah
in the city of compton
ain't no city quite like mine


greeting boys and girls (greetings boys and girls)
my name is petey p (my name is petey p)
kendrick's childhood imaginary friend (that’s right, that's right, that's right)
i am your neighbor (i am your neighbor)
and i’d like to welcome you to good kid, m.a.a.d city (good kid, m.a.a.d city)
so grab your cartoons and cereal (and sing)
your pop guns and fireworks (and sing)
and sing along (along)


when we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
spend it all in front of the county building
blow it like coltrane, blow it like coltrane, yeah
sing along kids, sing along
when we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
spend it all in front of the county building
blow it like coltrane, blow it like coltrane, yeah


kendrick, you remember that one time when we was...
i’ve been waiting on this day since dr. dre and pac
was on rosecrans in that burger stand at '95
people staring at 'em in amazement
reservations at the days inn
we was living out a hotel at the time
breakfast, lunch and dinner, chicken from kentucky fried
mama babysitting section 8 vouchers the move
when nothing else to lose but a burger flipping job
close my eyes inside the swap meet and imagine it's a mansion
gold ballroom, ak-47 dancin'
howling at the moon, what’s a pack of hungry babies?
hope you feed us soon, bite your back, you die of rabies
everyday we pray to eat at the table at sizzlers
but never make the visit, if better days was on its way
then they make the decision, to make the wrong turn
so for now we heat this skillet so this canned food can burn
oh yeah, i remember that, it- it was the ravioli with the hot sauce in it, right?


when we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
am i right?
spend it all in front of the county building
oh!
blow it like coltrane, blow it like coltrane, yeah
don't forget to sing along by the way, sing along
when we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
spend it all in front of the county building
blow it like coltrane, blow it like coltrane, yeah


and all the ghetto children in the world say, “that’s my car” (aye, oh)
all the ghetto boys say, “that’s my car” (aye, oh)
all the ghetto girls say, “that’s my car” (aye, oh)
when we grow up, when we grow up (aye, oh)
ghetto children in the world say, “that’s my car” (aye, oh)
all the ghetto boys say, “that’s my car” (aye, oh)
all the ghetto girls say, “that’s my car” (aye, oh)
when we grow up, when we grow up (aye, oh)

nigga you remember the smoke and the burning buildings and shit?
couple stolen t.v.'s and a seat belt for my safety (uh-huh)
played the passenger i think it’s five years after eighty (yeah, yeah that)
seven, do the math, ‘92, don’t you be lazy (i won't)
looking out the window, notice all the essentials
of a block party that stop for a second, then it rekindle
like a flame from a trick candle, everybody got dental
insurance ‘cause we ‘bout to floss, you get that couch i sent you?
i heard that from a block away, probably had credentials
of a scholar but, shit, not today, them dayton spokes was his to take
refrigerators, barbecue pits, and jordan kicks
they did invasions while helicopters recorded it
hello mi-mister miyagi, i want them kenwood woofers
say that you got me, if not, i’ll dig in your drawer for it
the swap meet was the bulls' eye like tauruses
murder was the melody you should know what the chorus is
"papa, you really telling me we can just get some more of it
if we run out?" he said, "lil' nigga, today the poor is rich
don’t tell your mom that you seen a molotov bomb
if she ask just know you have to lie and son don’t forget
bitches ain’t shit, hoes ain’t neither
niggas gon' snitch, watch the company you keeping
and one day you’ll put money in the ghetto when you got it
rather than having to hustle off these rodney king riots"
that- that’s right the mothafuckin’ rodney king...
you was with your daddy on bullis road


when we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
that's crazy
spend it all in front of the county building
blow it like coltrane, blow it like coltrane
don't forget, still sing along kids, still sing along
when we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
please sing
spend it all in front of the county building
blow it like coltrane, blow it like coltrane

heard a conversation with my father talking to his favorite partner
at the domino table, tony had told him that he saw a
young nigga hopping out busting like four charters
popping pills, mix a gallon of sherm and some holy water
mix a gallon of sherm and some holy water
sell it to a priest he probably can get it off by tomorrow
it's wicked when my favorite uncle kick it
fiends trying to kick the addiction of sucking glass dicks
vivid images go against any fantasy you can fathom
phantoms ain't the only thing that suicidal
open the doorway to his soul
hit the hallway then hit the closet you see a rifle
aim it at your arteries, pardon me, parts of me is pyscho
in retrospect my respect was a power ranger high note
tumbling backwards into a karate kicking high note
my innocence would eventually see a hindrance
surrenduring ninja turtles, pizza and sega genesis
heard it over my bunk bed ear hustling
something my papa said that caught my attention
his eyes red he's smoking on marijuana mixing the two eleven
he said i'm seven going on sixty-seven
the day i turned seventeen is the day that a lesson inside my lifetime
come across a clothes line, every stick is a co-sign
everything in the streets got the power to make me go blind
even if he sat me down in the sun and gave me those eyes
comprehend it well and i could smell the soberness evaporating by itself
he said, "tony my biggest fear is to hear kendrick disappeared in the fire out here and i didn't help
so if i can give him the game to hydroplane his decisions in life so he can go
further than the streets and remain to be on the honor roll"
sacrifice my life even if that shit, my mama though
til the day he carried by the big six, domino


backpack raps with gats in it
don't get your cap peeled by the black menace
k dot thoroughbred
move like a militant soldier
on point like a pyramid, force to be reckoned with
with the best shit
like the strongest manure, i'm ready when you are
this is it
i'm in the lab cooking up all day, eff em up all day
like a nympho, i been dope since s curl waves
trying to convince hoes i got good hair
knowing damn well there's chemicals there
i'm in the hood with the 17 year olds that's on hood patrol
and they want stripes so they shoot off bikes and you know
any moment you can lose your life so kiss your kids or hug your wife or whatnot yo
i spawned with a dragon
he tried to throw his flame but i ducked and i stabbed him
came out the battle laughing
that's a metaphor for any rapper who want it
i smack em 'til their nose is running
you know the hoes is coming if i'm there
and the hoes is cumming once we hit that hotel
that's no assumption, cool out before i move out
hop on the 105 and do about 105 before your ass get threw out
the back seat
there's a dead guy on the freeway, oh it's not dot
tell the medics it's okay, a beast when the beat break
you probably think i'm dope like the it's the realest shit i wrote
but to me it's a throw away
i stare at them four walls and rap like i'm mad at god
nice enough, i throw a spear at nas, a jab at jay
matter fact, no, i take that back
see i don't play with real legends of rap like you do
and i'm crucial, concealed by real crips and soowoos
and they shoot, they photography students when beef get to brewing compton!

i do what i wanna do
i say what i wanna say, when i feel, and i
look in the mirror and know i'm there
with my hands in the air, i'm proud to say yeah
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real


i promise that i know you very well
your eyes never lie, even if they tell
sweet lullabies that come with a smell
of a dozen roses flipping down the green hill
you're living in a world that come with plan b
'cause plan a never relay a guarantee
and plan c never could say just what it was
and your plans only can pan around love
you love him, you love them, you love her
you love so much, you love when love hurts
you love red bottom and gold that say "queen"
you love hand-bag on the waist of your jean
you love french tip and trip that pay for
you love bank slip that tell you we paid more
you love a good hand whenever the card dealt
but what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself?


i do what i wanna do
i say what i wanna say, when i feel, and i
look in the mirror and know i'm there
with my hands in the air, i'm proud to say yeah
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, ('cause before you know it, everything's gone)


i promise that i know you very well
your eyes never lie, even if they fell
out the sky and your optics turn stale
where they mold that's green, i can see you fit the bill
of living in a world that come with plan b
'cause plan a only can make another mistake
and you can't see success coming from plan c
when it all breaks, you'll still say you're lovely
and love them and love when you love her
you love so much, you love when love hurts
you love fast cars and dead presidents old
you love fast women, you love keepin' control
of everything that you love, you love beef
you love streets, you love running, ducking police
you love your hood, might even love it to death
but what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself?


i do what i wanna do
i say what i wanna say, when i feel, and i
look in the mirror and know i'm there
with my hands in the air, i'm proud to say yeah
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real ('cause before you know it, everything's gone)

the reason why i know you very well
'cause we have the same eyes, can't you tell?
the days i tried to cover up and conceal
my pride, it only made it harder for me to deal
when living in a world that come with plan b
a scapegoat 'cause plan a don't come free
and plan c just an excuse like "because"
or the word "but," but what if i got love?
i love them, i love when i love her
i love so much, i love when love hurts
i love first verse 'cause you're the girl i attract
i love second verse 'cause you're the homie that pack
burner like a stove top, that love cooking from scratch
i love what the both of you have to offer
in fact, i love it so much, i don't love anything else
but what love got to do with it when i don't love myself
to the point i should hate everything i do love?
should i hate living my life inside the club?
should i hate her for watching me for that reason?
should i hate him for telling me that i'm seizin'?
should i hate them for telling me "ball out"?
should i hate street credibility i'm talkin' about
hating all money, power, respect in my will
or hating the fact none of that shit make me real?


i do what i wanna do
i say what i wanna say, when i feel, and i
look in the mirror and know i'm there
with my hands in the air, i'm proud to say yeah
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real, i'm really, really, real
i'm real, i'm real ('cause before you know it, everything's gone)



lord god, i come to you a sinner
and i humbly repent for my sins
i believe that jesus is lord
i believe that you raised him from the dead
i would ask that jesus come to my life
and be my lord and savior
i receive jesus to take control of my life
and that i may live for him from this day forth
thank you, lord jesus, for saving me with your precious blood
in jesus' name, amen


i met her at this house party on el segundo and central
she had the credentials of strippers in atlanta
ass came with a hump, from the jump she was a camel
i want to ride like arabians, push an '04 mercedes-benz
"hello, my name is kendrick," she said, "no, you're handsome"
whispered in my ear, disappeared, then found her dancin'
ciara had played in the background
the parade music we made had us all wearin' shades now, cool
"where you stay?" she said, "down the street from dominguez high"
okay, i know that's borderline compton or paramount
"well, is it compton?" "no," she replied
then quickly start battin' her eyes
i strictly had wanted her thighs around me
seventeen with nothin' but pussy stuck on my mental
my motive was rather sinful, "what you tryna get into?"
she didn't tell, just gave me her nextel
dropped the number, we chirped the whole summer, and, well
the summer had passed, and now i'm likin' her
conversation we havin' probably enticin' her
who can imagine? maybe my actions'll end up wifin' her
love or lust, regardless, we'll fuck 'cause the trife in us
it's deep-rooted, the music of bein' young and dumb
is never muted, in fact, it's much louder where i'm from
we know a lot 'bout each other, her mother was a crack addict
she live with her granny and her younger two brothers
her favorite cousin demetrius is irrepetible
family history of gangbangin' did make me skeptical
but not enough to stop me from gettin' a nut
"i wanna come over, what's up?"
that's what i told her soon as this episode
of martin go off, i'm tryna get off
i was in heat like a cactus
my tactics of bein' thirsty probably could hurt me
but fuck it, i got some heart
grabbed my mama keys, hopped in the car, then, oh boy
so now i'm down rosecrans in a caravan
passin' alameda, my gas meter in need of a pump
i got enough to get me through the traffic jam
at least i hope, 'cause my pockets broke as a promise, man
i'm thinkin' 'bout that sex
thinkin' 'bout her thighs or maybe kissin' on her neck or maybe what position's next
sent a picture of her titties, blowin' up my texts
i looked at 'em and almost ran my front bumper into corvette
enthused by the touch of a woman, she's a masseuse
and i'm a professional pornstar when off the goose
i had a fifth in the trunk like curtis jackson for ransom
i'm hopin' to get her loose like an uncle luke anthem
i'm two blocks away, two hundred and fifty feet
and six steps from where she stay, she wavin' me 'cross the street
i pulled up, a smile on my face, and then i see
two niggas, two black hoodies, i froze as my phone rang


please leave your message for three-two-three
record your message after the tone
kendrick, where you at?
damn, i'm sittin' here waitin' on my van
you told me you was gon' be back in fifteen minutes
man, i gotta go up to the county buildin', man, these kids ready to eat
i'm ready to eat, shit
i gotta get them food stamps, come on now
you on your way or what?
i hope you ain't out there messin' with them damn hoodrats out there, shit
'specially that lil' crazy-ass girl sherane
and plus you got school tomorrow
you keep fuckin' around in them streets, you ain't gon' pass to the next grade
eleventh grade
(is that kendrick on the phone?)
your daddy callin' about some damn dominoes (let me holler at him)
he want to holler at you too, go ahead, kenny, go'n, shit
hello? yak, where my motherfuckin' dominoes at?
(kenny), what?
i'm on his voicemail, damn fool (oh), shit
yak, where my motherfuckin' dominoes at?
this the second time i asked you to bring my fuckin' dominoes
just give me the damn phone, shit, don't hang up, damn, let me
kendrick, when you get this message, man, call me back (keep losin' my goddamn dominoes, we gon' have to go in the backyard)
i need to know when you gon' bring back my damn car (and squab, homie)
this man fussin' 'bout some damn dominoes
it ain't all that serious, fuck, damn dominoes
shit, i'ma miss my damn appointment, fuck
fuck some damn dominoes, nobody wanna hear that
nobody wanna hear your ass
matter fact, cut my motherfuckin' oldies back on
you killin' my motherfuckin' vibe

when the lights shut off and it's my turn
to settle down, my main concern
promise that you will sing about me
promise that you will sing about me
i said when the lights shut off and it's my turn
to settle down, my main concern
promise that you will sing about me
promise that you will sing about me

i woke up this morning and figured i'd call you
in case i'm not here tomorrow
i'm hopin' that i can borrow
a peace of mind, i'm behind on what's really important
my mind is really distorted
i find nothing but trouble in my life
i'm fortunate you believe in a dream
this orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine
and last night was just another distraction
or a reaction of what we consider madness
i know exactly what happened
you ran outside when you heard my brother cry for help
held him like a newborn baby and made him feel
like everything was alright in a fight he tried to put up
but the type of bullet that stuck
had went against his will, that's blood spilled on your hands
my plan's rather vindictive
everybody's a victim in my eyes
when i ride it's a murderous rhythm
and outside became pitch black
a demon glued to my back, whispering "get 'em!"
i got 'em and i ain't give a fuck
that same mentality i told my brother not to duck
in actuality it's a trip how we trip off of colors
i wonder if i'll ever discover a passion like you and recover
the life that i knew as a youngin
in pajamas and dun-ta-duns
when thunder comes it rains cats and dogs dumb
niggas like me never prosper
prognosis of a problem child, i'm proud and well-devoted
this piru shit been in me forever
so forever i'ma push it, wherever, whenever
and i love you 'cause you love my brother like you did
just promise me you'll tell this story when you make it big
and if i die before your album drop, i hope— 
promise that you will sing about me
promise that you will sing about me
i said when the lights shut off and it's my turn
to settle down, my main concern
promise that you will sing about me
promise that you will sing about me

you wrote a song about my sister on your tape
and called it section.80
the message resembled "brenda's got a baby"
what's crazy was i was hearin' about it
but doubted your ignorance
how could you ever just put her on blast and shit?
judgin' her past and shit?
well, it's completely my future
her nigga behind me right now askin' for ass and shit
and i'ma need that forty dollars
even if i got to fuck, suck and swallow
in the parking lot, gonzales park, i'm followed
by a married man, and father of three
my titties bounce on the cadence of his tinklin' keys
matter of fact, he my favorite 'cause he tip me with e's
he got a cousin named david and i seen him last week
this is the life of another girl damaged by the system
these foster homes, i run away and never do miss 'em
see, my hormones just run away and if i can get 'em
back to where they used to be, then i'll probably be in the denim
of a family gene that show women how to be woman
or better yet, a leader, you need her to learn somethin'
then you probably need to beat her, that's how i was taught
three niggas in one room, first time i was tossed
and i'm exhausted, but fuck that "sorry for your loss" shit
my sister died in vain, but what point are you tryna gain
if you can't fit the pumps i walk in?
i'll wait… your rebuttal a little too late
and if you have a album date, just make sure i'm not in the song
'cause i don't need the attention, bring enough of that on my own
and matter fact, did i mention that i physically feel great?
a doctor's approval is a waste of time, i know i'm straight
i'll probably live longer than you and never fade away
i'll never fade away, i'll never fade away, i know my fate
and i'm on the grind for this cake, i'ma get it or die tryin'
i'm eyein' every male gender with intentions of buyin'
you lyin' to these motherfuckers
talkin' about you can help 'em with my story
you can help me if you sell this pussy for me, nigga
don't ignore me, nigga, fuck your glory, nigga, you ain't shit…


when the lights shut off and it's my turn
to settle down, my main concern
promise that you will sing about me
promise that you will sing about me
i said when the lights shut off and it's my turn
to settle down, my main concern
promise that you will sing about me
promise that you will sing about me


sometimes i look in the mirror
and ask myself: am i really scared of passin' away?
if it's today, i hope i hear a
cry out from heaven so loud it can water down a demon
with the holy ghost 'til it drown in the blood of jesus
i wrote some raps that made sure that my lifeline reekin'
the scent of a reaper, ensurin' that my allegiance
with the other side may come soon, and if i'm doomed
may the womb of my mother be blessed for many moons
i suffer a lot
and every day that glass mirror get tougher to watch
i tie my stomach in knots
and i'm not sure why i'm infatuated with death
my imagination is surely an aggravation of threats
that can come about, 'cause the tongue is mighty powerful
and i can name a list of your favorites that probably vouch
maybe 'cause i'm a dreamer and sleep is the cousin of death
really stuck in the schema of wonderin' when i'ma rest
and you're right, your brother was a brother to me
and your sister's situation was the one that pulled me
in a direction to speak on somethin'
that's realer than the tv screen
by any means, wasn't tryin' to offend or come between
her personal life, i was like "it need to be told"
cursin' the life of twenty generations after her soul
exactly what'd happen if i ain't continue rappin'
or steady bein' distracted by money, drugs and 4-5's
i count lives, all on these songs
look at the weak and cry, pray one day you'll be strong
fightin' for your rights, even when you're wrong
and hope that at least one of you sing about me when i'm gone
am i worth it? did i put enough work in?


promise that you will sing about me
promise that you will sing about me
i said when the lights shut off and it's my turn
to settle down, my main concern
promise that you will sing about me
promise that you will sing about me


promise that you'll sing about me forever
promise that you'll sing about me for— ooooh
promise that you'll sing about me forever
promise that you'll sing about me for— ooooh
promise that you'll sing about me forever
promise that you'll sing about me for— ooooh
promise that you'll sing about me forever
promise that you'll sing about me for— ooooh

tired of runnin', oh, tired of huntin', oh
my own kind, but retirin' nothin', oh
tires are steady screechin', the driver is rubbin', oh
hands on the wheel, oh, who said we wasn't, oh
dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh?


dope on the corner, oh, look at the coroner, oh
daughter is dead, oh, mother is mournin' her, oh
stray bullets, oh, ak bullets
resuscitation was waitin' patiently, but they couldn't, oh
bring her back, oh, who got the footage, oh?
channel 9, oh, cameras is lookin'
it's hard to channel your energy when you know he crooked, oh
banana clip, split his banana pudding, oh
i'm like tre, oh, that's cuba gooding, oh
i know i'm good at, oh
dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh


how many sins, oh? i'm runnin' out, oh
how many sins, oh? i lost count
dreams of ballin' like spalding
but only shotty bounce, oh
the reaper callin', oh, i'm cottonmouth, oh
money is power (money is power)
yours is ours (yours is ours)
lay with a snitch, oh, die with a coward, oh
hope we get rich, oh, hope we can tower
over the city with vanity with the music louder, oh
the same song, oh, a black flower, oh
i'll show you how to, oh
dye your thirst, oh, dye your thirst, oh, dye your thirst, oh


what are we doin', oh? who are we foolin', oh?
hell is hot, oh, fire is proven, oh
to burn for eternity, return of the student
that never learned how to live righteous but how to shoot it, oh
tired of runnin', oh, choirs is hummin', oh
tell us to visit, oh, we lie about comin', oh
now back to business, oh, loadin' the guns in
back of the buick, your hood is feudin'
the beef is bubblin', oh, it's no discussion, oh
hereditary, oh, all of my cousins, oh
dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh


too many sins, oh, i'm runnin' out, oh
somebody send me a well for the drought, oh
see all i know, oh, is takin' notes
on takin' this life for granted, granted, if he provoke, oh
my best days, oh, i stress days
(lord, forgive me for all my sins, for i not know—)
my best days, oh, i stress days, oh
say "fuck the world", oh, my sex slave, oh
money, pussy, and greed—what's my next crave?
whatever it is, know it's my next grave, oh
tired of runnin', tired of runnin', tired of tumblin'
tired of runnin', oh, tired of tumblin', backwards
my momma say "see, a pastor give me a promise
what if today was the rapture and you completely tarnished?
the truth will set you free, so to me be completely honest
you dyin' of thirst, you dyin' of thirst
so hop in that water, and pray that it works"

fuck! i'm tired of this shit!
i'm tired of fuckin' runnin', i'm tired of this shit!
that’s my brother, homie!
young man, come talk to me! is that what i think that is?
i know that's not what i think that is
why are you so angry?
see, you young men are dying of thirst
do you know what that means?
that means you need water, holy water
you need to be baptized, with the spirit of the lord
do you want to receive god as your personal savior?
okay, repeat after me:
"lord god, i come to you a sinner"
(lord god, i come to you a sinner)
"and i humbly repent for my sins"
(and i humbly repent for my sins)
"i believe that jesus is lord"
(i believe that jesus is lord)
"i believe you raised him from the dead"
(i believe you raised him from the dead)
"i would ask that jesus come into my life"
(i would ask that jesus come in my life)
"and be my lord and savior"
(and be my lord and savior)
"i receive jesus to take control of my life"
(i receive jesus to take control of my life)
"and that i may live for him from this day forward"
(and that i may live for him from this day forward)
"thank you, lord jesus
for saving me with your precious blood"
(thank you, lord jesus
for saving me with your precious blood)
"in jesus' name, amen"
(in jesus' name, amen)
alright now, remember this day
the start of a new life, your real life

everybody, everybody, everybody
everybody sit yo bitch-ass down
and listen to this true mothafuckin' story
told by kendrick lamar on rosecrans, ya bitch


smokin' on the finest dope, ayy-ayy-ayy-ah
drank until i can't no mo', ayy-ayy-ayy-ah
really i'm a sober soul
but i'm with the homies right now
and we ain't askin' for no favors
rush a nigga quick, then laugh about it later, ayy-ayy-ayy-ah
really, i'm a peacemaker
but i'm with the homies right now
and momma used to say (say, say, say, say)
one day it's gon' burn you out (woo)
one day it's gon' burn you out, out, out
one day it's gon' burn you out (you, you, you, you, you, you)
one day it's gon' burn you
but i'm with the homies right now


me and my niggas four deep in a white toyota
a quarter tank of gas, one pistol, an orange soda
janky stash box when the federales'll roll up
basketball shorts with the gonzales park odor
we on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
i hope the universe love you today
'cause the energy we bringin' sure to carry away
a flock of positive activists that fill they body with hate
if it's necessary; bumpin' jeezy first album, lookin' distracted
speakin' language only we know, you think it's an accent
the windows roll down, all i see is a hand pass it
hotboxin' like george foreman grillin' the masses
of the workin' world; we pulled up on a bunch of workin' girls
and asked them what they workin' with
look at me, i got the blunt in my mouth
usually i'm drug-free, but, shit, i'm with the homies

yeah, nigga, we off a pill and rémy red
come through and bust ya head, nigga!
me and the homies
sag all the way to the liquor store
where my niggas pour up 4 and get twisted some more
me and the homies
i ride for my mothafuckin' niggas
hop out, do my stuff, then hop back in
me and the homies
matter of fact, i hop out that mothafucka
and be like "doo-doo-doo-doot, doo-doo-doo-doo-doot!”


it's 2:30 and the sun is beamin'
air conditioner broke and i hear my stomach screamin'
hungry for anything unhealthy
and if nutrition can help me
i'll tell you to suck my dick, then i'll continue eatin'
we speedin' on the 405, passin' westchester
you know, the light-skinned girls in all the little dresses
good lord, they knew we weren't from 'round there
'cause every time we down there
we pullin' out the boost mobile sim cards
bougie bitches with no extensions
hood niggas with bad intentions, the perfect combination
before we sparked a conversation
we seen three niggas in colors we didn't like
then started interrogatin'
i never was a gangbanger, i mean
i never was stranger to the fonk neither, i really doubt it
rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
that's ironic, 'cause i've never been violent
until i'm with the homies


(just ridin', just ridin')
me and the homies
(bullshittin', actin' a fool)
me and the homies
(trippin', really trippin')
me and the homies
(just ridin', just ridin', just ridin')


braggin' 'bout the episode we just had
a shot of hennessy didn't make me feel that bad
i'm usually a true firm believer of bad karma
consequences from evil will make your past haunt ya
we tryna conquer the city with disobedience
quick to turn it up, even if we ain't got the cd in
but jeezy still playin'
and our attitude is still "nigga, what is you sayin'?"
pull in front of the house
that we been campin' out for like two months
the sun is goin' down as we take whatever we want


i hit the back window in search of any nintendo
dvd's, plasma-screen tv's in the trunk
we made a right, then made a left, then made a right
then made a left, we was just circlin' life
my mama called: "hello? what you doin'?" — "kickin' it."
i shoulda told her i'm probably 'bout to catch my first offense
with the homies
(police sirens)
but – they made a right, then made a left
then made a right, then another right
one lucky night with the homies


k. dot, you faded, hood?
yeah, we finally got that nigga faded
i think he hit the wrong blunt though
ooh, which one?
well, which one he talkin' about?
i was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
i pray he ain't hit that
nah, that nigga straight, he ain't hit that one
got the shenanigans? give that nigga the shenanigans!
nigga, i think we should push back to the city, fo' real doe
nigga, for what?
what that nigga— what's that jeezy song say, nigga?
"last time i checked i was the man on these streets!"
yeah, yeah, that shit right there
i'm tryna be the nigga in the street
there he go. man, you don't even know how the shit go
look, here's the plan, luv
we gon' use the kickback as an alibi, wait 'til the sun go down, roll out, complete the mission, drop k. dot off at his mama van, at the park
'cause i know he tryna fuck on sherane tonight
that's what he's not gon' do
then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30
that's straight, but we should meet up around 12
i'm tryna fuck on somethin' too
nigga, sit yo dumb-ass back down!
nigga, you ain't doin' shit tonight!
matter of fact, nigga, get in the mothafuckin' car!
we finna get active!


one, two, one, two, one two, ch-ch-ch-ch
mm
nah, one, two, one, two, one two
one, two
turn the headphones up, ali
one, two
you mix with dre, right?
hehehehehe
turn the headphones up


when the whole world see you as 'pac reincarnated
that's enough pressure to live your whole life sedated
find the tallest building in vegas and jump off it
but i could never rewrite history in a coffin
so i'm talking to god: "can you wash all these demons off me?"
this last year been quite similar to aaliyah
controlled my own destiny— only rapper that steered a g5
g's give high-fives to me and say, "kendrick, just persevere
the presence of being real"
as i lay in this four-corner room, staring at candles
thinking, "how can i make an example for this generation of compton?"
my biggest fear is not feeling accomplished
or turning back to that same accomplice
my past life was a child with no act-right
tryna smile in a room of killers, turn into a crash site
influenced by niggas that spoke the gang culture fluent
assuring that some blossom early and some truant
thank god for the album i idolized
"it's dark and plus hell is hot"—that's the start of this crazy ride
two young niggas, me and dave inside the garage
that thought we was jay and dame
that's the lane that we tried to drive
truthfully, i just started rappin' to get away
i never thought that your favorite rapper would want a verse
my nigga got hit 25 times with a k
make the decision: ride the beat or ride in a hearse
now punch is my mentor, top dawg is the coach
jay rock is my older brother, i was there when he wrote
his name on his record deal; we had figured the coast
would live on a pedestal once the shit hit the store
found ourselves scrambling, tryna figure it out
soul told me that the record shop 'bout to go in a drought
q ain't got a place to stay and 'bout to sleep on the couch
we eating off each other tray, the dollar-menu amount
meanwhile, the coast going hard at each other
the younger rappers had wanted some of the ogs' comfort
but i ain't need it
i never screamed out "the new west"—i didn't believe it
they brung each other down; i was planning out my achievements, huh
i need to separate myself to stand out, huh
i need a better way to take your fans now, huh
i need to kill you motherfuckers dead (doot doot doot)
three hollow-tips aimed at your head (doot doot doot doot)
i'll be damned if the chopper jam now (doot doot doot doot)
and we never asked for no handout
in the midst of it all, i recall a call when you said how
we could never resolve in the hall of fame, and i went to trial
with a bible and rifle: i play the game as i "blam-blaow!"
holler back at me, nigga
and if they said that i'm the one, why you asking me, nigga?
'cause when the whole world see you as 'pac reincarnated
enough pressure to make you just open the book of david
and pray to god that you make it or live your life in the matrix
'cause falling off is a sickness—i heard that it's quite contagious
i need to separate myself to stand out, huh
i need a better way to take your fans now, huh
i need to kill you motherfuckers dead
three hollow-tips aimed at your head


i'll be damned if the chopper jam now
and we never ask for no handouts
i'll take you back to that pack of black & milds in my hand now (soul!)
in the midst of it all, was cooking—them pots and pans out
looking forward as four was forced to form a new clan now
fast-forward as i wait in line for this passport
the homies was still poor, with work in a jansport (ugh)


whoever thought that rosenberg would mention me to dre?
even vanessa from xxl had told him press play
and there goes my fate; now, i'm on stage with snoop
gave me the torch and i ran with it in hot pursuit
rapped with my forefathers—even wreck it with gaga, too
lyricist of the year—fuck am i 'posed to do? rock!


cool, 'cause niggas won't outdo us in the booth
even when my album leak, fans still buy it for proof
i came, i saw, i conquered
no shame, i blame all of this on compton
thinking 'bout when sherane tried to set me up
cold game, full circle—they set up her
i put my life in these twelve songs, my fight in these twelve songs
the fight to ignite any wrong and right that i prolong
the story, the short film; the glory of him and them
the worry of mothers that don't recover when babies killed
the trial and the tribulations, the newer miseducation
the view of a body wasted, you knew somebody ain't make it
the angry, the adolescent; the reason i ask this question:
will you let hip-hop die on october 22nd?
will you let hip-hop die on october 22nd?

praise to the almighty, hiiipower
me and my niggas (live forever)
3 eyes to my alumni
feel this
i wanna hear it, turn me up (my niggas on point, game tight)
turn me up a little bit more nigga (my niggas on point, game tight)
my nigga cole in this motherfucker. wassup nigga?
(my niggas on point, game tight)
there we go yeah, turn me up


picture plenty pussies throwing pellet guns at me
paranoia make it more than difficult for me to sleep
pinnacle, i know i be, centerfold, i know i got
but they hate to frame me as the mona lisa of hip-hop
so retaliation is a must, when we bend the block
my niggas dump'n out the roof, (do-do-do-do-do)
drive past, guns blast, shooting up the charts too
uh, me k-d-o-t, put tnt inside my suit
walk inside the label, struck a match, and then i blew, bomb
c4 everywhere, c4 everywhere
i got three whores with me, it smells like dior and derrière
decoys die slow, you can detour to heaven's stairs
or walk inside hell's dungeon, i just might derail something
they pussies, i smell something
you douche on the daily, niggas, you pushin' up daisy
i push the gas on mercedes, nigga
came in this game with a rolie chain, and a dream
became reality, made some casualties, my choppers scream


and now we dump'n out the roof, (do-do-do-do-do)
drive past, guns blast, shooting up the charts too
uh, me k-d-o-t, put t-n-t inside my suit
uh, walk inside the label, struck a match and then i blew
and now we dump'n out the roof, (do-do-do-do-do)
drive past, guns blast, shooting up the charts too
uh, me k-d-o-t, put t-n-t inside my suit
uh, walk inside the label, struck a match and then i blew


nigga that thought good kid gon' flop, or that i might go pop
or your bitch won't drop, knees when my shit drop
y'all too infatuated with the fucking numbers
which make it easy for me to divide and conquer
i come from compton, we ain't have it all
smokers basing inside the cafeteria hall
and i'm putting fear in you all, see your skeletons shaking
jump out your body, you ricky bobby until you naked
y'all pray to god this week i be putting out bombs
i pray to god this beat is good enough for shyne
if not, j. cole, your shit is trash
but at least my opinion just made everyone laugh
this is where we at? i guess it's entertainment
i guess this is speculation making a classic came with
if i ain't have the patience i'd probably self destruct
real people want real music, the jig is up


your worst fear is confirmed
we love that you crashed and burned
the real is back
k. dot it's your turn, take your victory lap
king cole salutin' compton's own king kendrick
thats the sky is falling, the wind is calling
stand for something or die in the morning
the city hail king kendrick lamar
the world hail king kendrick lamar


and now we dump'n out the roof, (do-do-do-do-do)
drive past, guns blast, shooting up the charts too
uh, me k-d-o-t, put t-n-t inside my suit
uh, walk inside the label, struck a match and then i blew
and now we dump'n out the roof, (do-do-do-do-do)
drive past, guns blast, shooting up the charts too
uh, me k-d-o-t, put t-n-t inside my suit
uh, walk inside the label, struck a match and then i blew


this is my life and i look at it like its my last
and i'm lookin' right past the future as i reminisce on my past
and i don't even think how i used to, my mind is on rocket blast
and i don't even drink like i used too, and i don't even smoke
so you know this natural flow is for users that want to go to rehab
lookin' at the coke that he had, matter fact that followers bother them
then but i won't say my bad, see i just lay in the cut
watch the product stack up, motherfucker what what
see now we dump'n out the roof

rollin’ in a broken mitsubishi with no ac
and a couple stolen tv’s and a seatbelt for my safety
play the passenger, i think it’s five years after eighty-
seven, do that math, 92, don’t you be lazy
i’m looking out the window, notice all the essentials
of a block party that stopped for a second
then it rekindled like the flame from a trick candle
everybody got dental insurance, ‘cause we bout to floss
you get the couch i sent you?
i heard that from a block away, probably had credentials
of a scholar, but should not today
them dayton spokes was his to take
refrigerators, barbecue pits, and jordan kicks
they did invasions while helicopters recorded it
hello, my mr. myiagi, i want them kenwood woofers
say that you got me
if not, i’ll dig in your drawer for it
the swap meet was the bullseye like a taurus is
murder was the melody, you should know what the chorus is
you really telling me we can just get some more of it if we run out?
he said “lil nigga, today the poor is rich”
don't tell your mom that you seen a molotov bomb
and if she asks, just know that you have to lie
and son, don’t forget:
you from compton


brace yourself, i take you on a trip down memory lane
this is not a rap on how i’m slinging brick and moving cane
cul de sac and plenty cognac in major pain
not the drill sergeant, but the stress that’s weighing on your brain
it was me, o-boog and yaya
lucky, ride down rosecrans
ugly, waving yo hand out the window, brace yourself, uh
warriors and conans
euphoria can slow dance
society, the driver seat, the first one to get killed
light skinned nigga with his brains blown out
at the same burger stand where (mmm) hang out
now this is not a tape recorder saying that he did it
but ever since that day, i was looking at him different
that was back when i was nine
joey packed a nine
pakistan on every porch, it’s fine
we adapt to crime
pack a van with four guns at a time
sliding door, fuck is up?
fucking shooting forth, if you ain't walking up, you fucking punk
picking up the fucking pump
picking off you suckers, suck a dick
die a sucker punch, a ball of bullets coming from
ak’s, ar’s, aye y’all; duck
that’s what mama said when we was eatin’ that free lunch
aw man, god damn, all hell broke loose
you killed my cousin back in ‘94, fuck yo truce
now crawl yo head in that noose
you wind up dead on the news
and no peace treaties just peace and bg’s appearing to prove
bodies on top of bodies, iv’s on top of iv’s
obviously the coroner between the sheets like the isleys
when you hop on that trolly, your color’s correct
make sure each corporate knows they’ll be calling your mother collect
now, what you expect?
my life is a threat
good kid, m.a.a.d. city
life or death, is you with me?


tim westwood, what's up

pillars of joy can be found
through the thought of you
i'll be troubled and bustled and scorned for your love
canei finch on the beat
turn the headphones up, ali
here we go


i woke up this morning with my dick on hard
didn't know why 'til i said fuck all y'all
or fuck this world, or i'mma fuck that girl
good kid, m.a.a.d city, watch my day unfurl
i put my life in these sentences
fucking right, it's either that or life sentences
i'm relatives with benjamin
i used to give a fuck about my luck when i was innocent
now what the fuck is up? i'm at your neck like a pendleton
nigga, i need that, bitch, i need that
twenty-four acres and a mule, best believe that
they say he got smoke, like where the weed at?
and everything you hope, bitch nigga, we that
pockets on kelly price back when it was '95
buy a strap and then we cock it back when it's uncircumcised
write a rap on how we just react when shotty hit the spine
give you dap and then we slide through your hood three dozen times
so what's good? i'm looking for a pedicure
pink pussy that pop, preferably the kind that don't stink
bomb-ass head 'til she can't blink
and her eyes get watery, you gotta pardon me


i'm so damn turnt
wheeling in a two-door with two hoes that follow me
and you know, westside, right on time, tell 'em hoes kudos
eastside, right on time, they don't fuck with you though
when my hood getting to the money, the pedal never broke
came a long way from the ghetto, dog, but
westside, right on time, only thing fosho
eastside, right on time, gunning through your door


i'm so turnt
wheeling in a two-door with two hoes that follow me
and you know, westside, right on time, tell 'em hoes kudos
eastside, right on time, they don't fuck with you though
when my hood getting to the money, the pedal never broke
came a long way from the ghetto, dog, but
westside, right on time, only thing fosho
eastside, right on time, gunning through your door


all praise go to the most high
all fades turn into a drive-by
part ways from the streets, after fucking with police guaranteed
last nigga did that died, don't you, don't you, don't you
wanna live where the ak go for only 8k
minus six racks, minus one on top of that?
melee, stomp him out then drug him out like a date rape
daytonas bending every corner while they say


i'm so turnt
wheeling in a two-door with two hoes that follow me
and you know, westside, right on time, tell 'em hoes kudos
eastside, right on time, they don't fuck with you though
when my hood getting to the money, the pedal never broke
came a long way from the ghetto, dog, but
westside, right on time, only thing fosho
eastside, right on time, gunning through your door


all i ever wanted was a dollar bill and hundreds
and my teacher as my woman, when she smiled, i stick my tongue in
plus some cartoons and some cereal, snoop doggy on my stereo
some british knights or la gears with glowing lights or perry ellis jacket
i would love a swapmeet full of chevrolets in candy paint
that's wet with tammy on the bumper, can i hump her? poppa tell me yes
a dpgc concert and a dj quik song on cassette
twenty years later: hi hater, i'm the fucking best


i'm so turnt
wheeling in a two-door with two hoes that follow me
and you know, westside, right on time, tell 'em hoes kudos
eastside, right on time, they don't fuck with you though
when my hood getting to the money, the pedal never broke
came a long way from the ghetto, dog, but
westside, right on time, only thing fosho
eastside, right on time, gunning through your door
