
goldie loc, remember this last year
all them bitches wanting their bills paid
and was calling niggas scrubs and shit
yeah, we let it slide all for the 9-9 but for the r2g
you know we got to come back on these hoes my nigga...
(for real, for real) that's real
do it dpgc dogghouse style... eastside up, check this out baby


when i wake up in the morning
you give me breakfast in my bed
and when i need a little loving
you know you're quick to give me head




it's 6 am, she won't pay him
but she will pay me, og, ba-by
they be on bullshit most of the time
hosted and fine, anxious like ginuwine
i ain't got time to be messing around
let's hit the hotel and straight put it down
you do me and i do you back
that's how a pimp player do it like that
i met you at the club so it couldn't be love
come to find out you the motherfucking scrub, on the dub
and now you wanna get in my tub and get a back scrub
from snoop d-o-dub? ha ha
hold on, put your clothes on
bitch, you ain't bout to get your doughs on
go in the kitchen and hook me up something to eat
and put the tv on bet
crack the blinds and toss me a la times
and roll one of them dimes
and make sure the radio work
and get me some orange juice with the ice in the cup
i know i'm demanding
but i'm a motherfucking pimp and i don't give a fuck
and when i wake up in the morning, bitch you know what's up




you're the sweetest hoe i know
and i'll never let you go (i'll never let you go)
woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo
you gon' be my back up hoe (ha ha, ha ha)
woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo
you gon' be my back up hoe
back me up, back me up

soldiers
(gangstas), gangstaz, (gangsta, gangsta)
whassup my nigga?
yeah i'm fin' to fall off into this party (gangsta) with my lil' bitch mane
it's in her neighborhood
nah you ain't gotta roll with me it's all good
i trust her, dog
aw nigga shut up nigga, i hear you, don't trip

well the party didn't start until i walked in
and i probably won't leave until i finish this henn'
but in between time or in the meantime
i slid my bitch in the back do' an she crept in with the nine
we came here together so we can have fun
me and you baby goin one on one
it's yo' hood so i figure it's good
but if them niggas start trippin
i ain't trippin shit i ain't hollywood
we handles ours from the all-stars to the handlebars
with buckshots comin from the homies in the cars
aww yeah; how y'all wanna play this
naw hold on let me see how should i say this
the bitch that i was wit tried to set me up
whatever fuckin reason would they wanna wet me up
and get me up out the bitch wit da heat
and a party wit a gang of off brands and a freak (where you from)
i gotta dust em if i rush em
and these niggas don't look like they wanna tussle (fuck em)
i'mma creep to the who-ride - all by my lonely
nigga didn't bring damn homie
i wish i woulda, but i didn't
i'm fuckin wit dis hood rat (bullshit ya bullshittin)
that's whats wrong wit niggas
steady thinkin wit ya dick, and puttin faith in a bitch
dogg is chillin, makin a killin
what more can i say? "top billin'"
thats what i get, i got it good
crackin bitches in ya hood bitch
would you stop schemin, and lookin hard
i got a great big bodyguard
so step up if you wanna get hurt
nigga mad cause i touched under his bitch skirt
i get the money, the money i got
hoes call me doggy when they feel real hot
that's how it is, ask yo' kids
i stole ya ho while you was in prison
jail, for spousal assault
you was jealous it's all your fault
dogg is chillin, makin a killin
what more can i say? "top billin'"
shootin dice came up short now i'm doin bad
lost the coupe and the keys to the caddy
so bad that i'm livin with my momma now
and my bitch done dipped cuz i done run outta chips
i lost my balla doe and my balla ho
man to some sucka ass nigga man i'm fallin slow
can't ain't even call a ho; i'm feelin smalla loc
next thing to do is rob a ball of folks (give it up nigga)
shit's real; we peel for the meal
take it, cause once we get it, y'all come kick it
and bring them same skanless bitches (why?)
i got some homegirls layin low in the kitchen
on a mission to keep on dishin all fools
doggy dogg cold out shot us them hoes broke the rule
they gonna get got, feel the pain, sweeter and sweeter
even bitches feel the heater motherfucker


that's one thing about the dogg
i learnt the hard way, man
nigga went out backwards puttin' my trust in this bitch
it's 1999 my nigga
i trust no bitch
and i trust no bitch ass nigga
y'all know what time it is
eastside up eastsidaz and we out

"you kept messin' with the police..."
"okay, gangsters, put your hands behind your head, interlock your fingers, get down on your knees, let's go. cross your ankles, don't move."


when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer


i, used to be a hard head
mobbin' round, half dead
sippin' silver satin while we smoked on the pin head
a couch was a nigga bed
mary kept a nigga fed
twenty first a nigga, yeah that's where a nigga live
i'm on the ga and fuck the d.a
why? 'cause they railroaded the homie, easy
and just cause the didn't know what (what's up)
i'm on a motherfuckin' mission to come up, come up


when doggy dogg comes
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)
you better answer
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)

verse 2
we are living in a world
where anything can go at anytime
and if you ain't up on the game
then i suggest you rearrange
'cause change gone come
and it ain't waitin' on no one
they got me plottin' from the bottom
with the cotton, ain't no stoppin'
and all i want for christmas is forty city hoppin'
is the to much to ask fo', oh no
and i heard it through the eastside, you was finna to get some dough
so when you get your funk, don't take it to the store
take it to daddy rap cause he's a pro-fessional
guaranteed to get your shit up off the flo'
beach city rider you know, fo sho'
you see, that's what flossin' is all about
the tightest rider gone turn it out
bouncin', swerving and looking cute
dogg pound out the moon, johnny law in pursuit


when doggy dogg comes
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)
you better answer
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)
when doggy dogg comes
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)
you better answer
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)


everybody in my family is nervous and waitin'
how can i be patient?
look at what i'm facin'
they ain't the ones that gonna be riding to the station
so what it all boils down to-- just some inspiration
interpretation, the conversation you had with the judge
of all judges budge this
and put it in perspective all praises due, true
we are living in a world
where anything can go at anytime
and if you ain't up on the game
then i suggest you rearrange
cause change gone come
and it ain't waitin on no one
for all the drama i done went through
to get this to ya
how do i think i was gon' do ya?
have you been mislead, since i asked you all to creep with me
you couldn't be, 'cause ever since it's been d.p
l.b.-b.s. chronic in my chest
death row, doggystyle, holding down the west
with a shot of what gangstas drink
and a toke off for the choke off, the most kept my g's off, a toast
and keep l.b.c. singing y'all, d.p.g.-in', ya'll
we in ya'll face at all times, livin' it up
snoop dogg again, and you know i'm just givin' it up


when doggy dogg comes
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)
you better answer
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)
when doggy dogg comes
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)
you better answer
(i feel like givin' it up
we all like livin' it up)


when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)
when doggy dogg comes
you better answer
(you better answer...)

i'm sittin' in a over crowded tank
i'm tryna see which nigga these niggas plottin to gank
cause if it's me, it's on (sup, homie)
loc, the ese wit the black knights just got stole on
and he fell to the ground
plus, his homie's ain't around so he better get a beat down
it's not a jack for his scratch nor his shoes
it's life in the county and the county gives plenty blues
one point for the black guys
they rolled him up, swelled and belled
and left him with two black eyes
he still alive so he know what's next
any nigga they catch slippin' they gon' put him to rest
so i made my best to protect my chest
on point all night cause if i sleep i might
not make it in this world of fools
i might come up missin' if i'm slippin' in these county blues

1 - niggas fuck around in they county blues
you might come up missin', if you snooze you lose
you confused the fuckin system, when you need i be
why? cause it's this is gangbangology


see the first verse got'cho ass scared
but hold up, you gotta take a trip upstairs
where the fools always wonderin?
young nigga, welcome (welcome)

{*interlude*}


i be "god damn nigga, what'chu gon' do?"
stay down for yo grits cause he who slips, gets licked
and stuck, fucked and all that
boy when you get out you betta not never come back
i tell you that'll make a punk hard
put him on a killer row, where the killers kill and disregard
say you don't gang-bang
well why your homie - baby boo callin you by ya gang name? (sup nigga?)
uhh, later that night, a whole 'nother fight
but it's aiight, cause it's a nigga and a white
but damn, the ese's is deep
and it look like they straght tryna creep, you peep?
creep like t-l, on the d-l
but you fail, tryna tell deputy bell
well, that shit was disrespectful, nigga
you ran out on the brotha's
that's what'chu got checked for, and deck for
nigga you'se a ho (you'se a ho)
uhh, and i'mma let you know (let you know)
i mean, niggas is bitches, when they get behind the wall
but i ain't talkin 'bout all y'all
cause i know some niggas from the c-p-t
and some big homie's from the l-b-c and south central
niggas y'all know, y'all is the looniest
keep it true and ya county blues doin' this

repeat 1

{*singer's sings until fade*}

cuz where all a little strong
in the beach where the papers long
but as for me i only g when i'm buss'n rocks {dogg pound}

cuz were all a little strong
in the beach where the papers long
but as for me i only g when i'm buss'n rocks {so take that}


i'm slappin bones
tryin to get some bones
with some dogg pound gangstas in front of my home
bigg 6, bigg 5 3's with ya bitches
my girls in the kitchen cookin up some fish
i'm blastin at this nigga that was trippin
knuckle head nigga, thought i was slippin
but i wasn't slippin i was on deck
i blast his ass, peck peck know his shirts wet
dead gone lights out
with no remorse, i had to take him out
i'm laughin at this shit cause it was funny
fuckin with the dogg i take your life and your money
and now i dip too my spot
and set up shop with yo rocks
and bet nobody speak on the 8-7
cuz still all doggs go to heaven
from my hood to your hood
game reconize it's all to the good
so here's a toast to the indo
doing it like it's the thang to do
i thought you knew


freestylin, c-stylin
snoop and pooh comin through fixin to take you to the island
where the bitches and the bud come free
and everybody listen to the d-o double g
hoes on my dick, niggas on my nuts
people be lovin me because i drop cuts
that makes sense and make big money
snoop is that nigga who don't half to play funny
but i got your honey up under my wing
cuz she like that song that the bow wow sing
i'll put her in a cling
i won't buy her a ring
but i'll put her on a hoe stroller, make me some green
and even if she never even saw me before
there's just no way that she can tell me no
'cause my game's unbelievable baby
and it's strong enough to make your grandmama pay me

**snoop talking**
you know what i'm sayin
is this the question that you have to ask?
only the strong survive
but you gotta ask the questions:
who are the survivors? eastsidaz yea



now... who got the beat that makes ya bump?
and who got the thump that makes ya cum?
well, i got the funk that makes ya bump
so we gon funk this motherfucker right on up
well here's a toast to the boogie while i step on in
so put your lighters in the air and let the smoke kick in
i got the motion, the potion
and once priest hit the groove everything is in motion
we coastin through the neighborhood and lookin around
and all of my homies on lock down, or either underground
man, i done found the only way to put mine down is to dip, skip with the homies from the dogg pound
sup, bow-wow, how my nigga feelin?
oh, i'm on the money mission to get a pocket full of millions
like sicilians, we do it mafioso
doggy style, dogg pound, death row is the logo
i do it by my lonely cause i'm true to the code
plus i die with the homies cause that's all i really know
who started with me, who departed with me
through thick and thin we heartless-ass g's
regardless, let's see with bifocals, don't try the locals
and y'all wonder why they despise my vocals
i fold you like crystals, rap spittin like clips do
when i dismiss you, me and my click, fool


may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?


to be a high rolla, you need a pistola
and about a half a key of some coca cola
now that i got older, i got a little colder
and i don't trip to get a chip off my nigga's shoulder
man dreams of a gangsta, being like cagney
or bogey for snoop doggy
ain't no follower, man, i'm a general, so when i put it down i gots to be so original
i'm quick to bust, just like daz dillinger
but that's the little homie, and i'm the big homie, snoop don corleone
spittin three words up in lightning
as long as i'm bouncin with this i know you likin this
fo' sho tho, you can't take my photo
i'm layin around in the dpg in a grey fo-do
get pushed around downtown in the back of a car
the double r from the dirt to the stars


may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?


well in verse three, the worst see?
after part two, know when i start the clock there be a heart, too
and just the two of us, gonna show you how we do
i thought you knew we bust
i demolish, stay polished, got no time to rust
no dividing, multiplying cause it's never too much, like luther
cause ya see ain't no loser
that can get the scoop on the super duper snooper
i refuse the tactics, you ain't used to drastics
i choose to mash like land cruisers
you know i kizick the bomb digga-dee, bomb-ba-zee
they can't get with the d-o double g
you know mc slash master of ceremonies
runnin thangs, pullin strings call me snoop pesci
lesson, blessin', stressin' manifest me
don't wanna test me, i'm guaranteed to let it rest, see?


may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i?

i am doggy dogg bitch (beitch) love to hit a switch
never hit a bitch (beitch) love that gangsta shit
can i hear your flow? can i fuck yo' ho?
boy you hard on 'em - nigga you ain't know?
when you testify, you got to keep it fly
a lot of niggas lie, shit we do or die
e'ryday we high, it's like a nine to five
i got my nina my fo'-heata beata by my side
i keep it tucked close when i'm on the west coast (west coast)
i keep it on post when i'm with my east coast folks locs (east coast)
y'all know what's crack-a-lackin
i'm from the hood of the drivebys and kidnappings, and car-jackings




niggas pop mo' shit while we drop mo' shit
continously, nigga nigga please
slang yo' ki's, birdies and trees
you can catch me and my niggas, overseas
shootin the breeze, with a cute vietnamese
or was she lebanese? i think she chinese
it really don't matter cause they all on they knees
it's somethin bout these motherfuckin west coast g's
make that cheese, when the cops come you bet' not freeze
blast on 'em like the genovese, they yo' enemies
lock you up and fuck you up
talk shit to you beat you down then cuff you up
and leave you in a cell stuck (damn!)
i ain't got no money for bail, that's real as fuck (f'real)
tryin to get a meal ticket and kick it
chill, catch a plane to spain or maybe brazil
on the real can you feel me?



s-n-double-o-p d-o-double-gi-zee
d-o-double-gi-zee, d-o-double-gi-zee!
s-n-double-o-p d-o-double-gi-zee
d-o-double-gi-zee, d-o-double-gi-zee!


izzle kizzle, fo' schizzle
my nizzle, what you sizzle?
fo' schizzle bizzle, ha ha


me and my partner, in my impala
poppin our collars, tossin up dollars
a truck on the side of with hoes that wanna follow
bet a hundred dollars that they all wanna swallow
doggy doggfather
i do it to you real hard then it gets harder
it's nada - thang on mine, i bang on mine
i smoke an ounce and bounce at the same time
it's off the limbo with timbo, you motherfuckin bimbo
so quit knockin at my window, you nympho-maniac
bring it back, now shake it up
put it on the table, now break it up
give it to me, now put a lighter on the end of it
it really don't matter what you spent on it
as long as you're gettin what you paid for
that's what it made for, ain't that what you stayed for?


who's that dippin' in the cadillac? (snoop dogg)
smoke 'til your eyes get cataracts (snoop dogg)
who got a girl layin on her back? (snoop dogg)
who's that makin that paper stack? (snoop dogg)


you play me and i'll play you
you pay me and i'll pay you
hold on boo, you got the game all wrong
this ain't yo' thang, this my song
move on, we in the club at the shark bar
valeted my keys and park my car
no snap shots cause i might get popped
as i slide by security, givin 'em props (whattup, whattup)
first thing i do, when i get in
let me take you back to when i first slid in
grab my gi-din, get my pid-in
put my bid in, no bullshittin (no bullshittin)
we be sittin, in the corner
with smoke comin' from up under us like we sittin in the sauna
burnin up the charts (burnin up the charts)
break a bitch heart, lil' mama don't you start




tick tock, the ice on my watch
slap me 'cross the face around two o'clock
but the party don't stop till we blow up (ka-boom!)
now every lil' bitch wanna show up
manuev'in to this, groovin to this
dippin to this, flippin to this, trippin to this
ain't no skippin to this, trust this
bust this, it's too hot to touch this (ahh!)
he say, she say, i say no way
don't need foreplay, okay, obey
everything that i say..
and every day'll be like a holiday
i put you in the front seat of my car
and roll you 'round town like a superstar
recline your seat and turn up the beat
number one with a bullet, rollin down the motherfuckin backstreets

 - repeat 2x

(timbaland making vocal scratches to fade)

lies, lies, stories and alibis
big mac in the land of the small fries
everyone lies and tries to get by
some of us drink while most just get high


you tryin to cover up the holes in your sneakers
you need to put your motherfuckin face to the speakers (ba-bom, ba-bom)
and quit tryin to run from it (holla holla at me)
and c'mere, you big dummy (dumb ass nigga)
don't you know you can't run from the dizzogg
i'm down with gizzod, the long arm of the lizzaw
y'all, niggas know what's happening you turn your back again
and i'm bound to get it crack-a-lin i'm back again
and everybody happy for me - ain't that the truth?
that's a motherfuckin lie (fuck that fool)
black folks stick together til we die, hmm
that'll be the day..




liar, liar, pants on fire
smoke so much dope they call me snoopy pryor (well god damn!)
which way is up i'm tryin to get higher
i won't stop puffin til i re-tire
my bitches, my nigga, they off the wire
they love-ly, they love me, call me sire
movie star bitches the ones you desire
angela bassett, tyra, mariah, the flyest, the flyer
see most bitches like fuckin with a rider
slider, to the sider, invite her
to a gangsta, party, provider {*laughing*}
with a lot of meat by-products (mm)
and beat the puddy-pot and got up
she licked the dick from the top to the bottom
{*woo woo woo woo*} (that's a bad bitch!)
then she grabbed me by my nuts, and said "hmm i got 'em!"




{*kokane scats and ad libs to the music*}


