
celebrate, grab a drink and put a blunt in the sky
worldwide, nigga it's 1999
shit out of control, sign of the times
i ain't had this much fun since '79
i was only eight then, hadn't been to the penn'
just a young nigga on the front of a swing
playin' football up in poly high
too young to ride but it's still eastside
homicides didn't happen much, niggas wasn't rappin much
it's 99 nigga, shit, i know you strappin up
hell motherfuckin yeah, nigga wanna see the end
so next year we can do it all again
same dogg channel, same dogg time
only the strong will survive in 99
so much drama and delusion, my conclusion is confusing
drifting on my memories, twisted off my music
tryin to make my people do things, oh yeah we do's it, we do's it
here's my number baby girl don't you lose it
it's smoky in this motherfucker while we cruising
and eastside niggas is the shadiest (shadiest)
but them westside niggas is the craziest (craziest)
summertime on the grind, baby let me shine, let me shine
roll with this shit, i'm cold with this shit in my prime
nigga done time and i never dropped a motherfucking dime


be smart, fresh start is all you need
first thing first, cuz, stop smoking cess weed
you are what you smoke, nigga stop hating
that's why you broke and that's why we celebrating
"but life's so hard on a g", that's what they all say
but somehow someway


better days ahead, freddy's dead
and betty said eddie's a fed
sweaty in bed with a nine to his head
and he fuckin with this hoodrat that he met up in dance
betty gettin mad cause eddie wanna share
but look at how you livin for a minute then compare
i love confetti, i always stay ready
keep some killers by my side and some riders by the telli
i'm ready to do now, who now, you now
eddie wasn't ready when they drew that, booyow
two down, with just one gun
my nigga, and who said killin wasn't no fun
i sit alone in the zone with a face of stone
live the life of al capone or don corleone
tragically casualties and fatalities
and all kinds of funny ass niggas coming after me
my grand pappy once sat me on his lap and he said
sonny get your money 'fore you end up dead
i never really understood what he said
until my motherfucking dogg took a slug in his head
cold way a nigga gotta learn his lesson
slow down and go down, shit you know now


be smart, fresh start is all you need
first things first cuz, stop smokin cess weed
you are what you smoke, my nigga stop hating
that's why you broke and that's why we celebrating
"but life's so hard on a g", that's what they all say
but somehow someway, you got to make a better way
(somehow someway)
you got to make a better way
(you got to make a better way)
you got to make a better way
(you got to make a better way)
you got to make a better way
(you got to make a better way)
you got to make a better way
(yeah, better days ahead)
better days ahead
(better days ahead)
better days ahead


that's real
i feel your pain nigga
i used to be just like you nigga
before i got off in this rap shit
shit, nigga did anything to get a dollar
you know, but one thing i never did do
i ain't never beg a nigga for nothing or ask a nigga for nothing
i went out and got my own ya feel me?
so from me to you, man to man
better days ahead my nigga
shit, keep the faith and get your hustle on
cause i'm a get mine regardless
nigga whether i'm rapping or on the streets
i gotta have it

oh, no, big snoop dogg
back up in the heezy, baby
you jockin' my style? you so crazy
dre say, ain't no limit to this
as long as we drop gangsta shit
look here, bitch, you fine and i dig your style
come fuck with a nigga and do it doggy style
i'll be gentle, sentimental
shit, we fucked in the rental
lincoln continental
coast-to-coast, l.a. to chicago


bitch, please!
now what you need to do is
hem my coat, and roll me some dope (fo' real)
different strokes (huh-uh) for different folks
oh, you like settin' niggas up and gettin' them locs?
a cute lil' bitch with a whole lotta heart
shit gets thick when the light gets dark
she say she got a lick for me (well, hook it up)
worth about 200 g's and 30 ki's!
now check this out, dre: now, if i don't move
then a nigga like me, shit, i don't lose
but you know me, dog, i'm movin'!
ain't nothing’ to it but to get to groovin'
you've been waitin' on a nigga like me (what's that?)
to take that chance and rob your man and beat up the pussy
a victim of the circumstance
that's the devil, they always wanna dance
see we go out with a bang (bang, bang)
i'm tryin' to work this cold thang
and take this whole thang



(buck 'em)
damn, this shit sound low than a motherfucker in my earphones
alright, yeah that's it right there nigga


as soon as the bass hits your dome
snoop dogg grabs the chrome and gets in your system
shootin off rhymes like a pistol
fuckin your click off with this blow
this ho, that ho make me rich
snoop dogg please won't you break that biatch
i'm back in the game gettin my dough
and fuck any motherfucker that say it ain't so
do it to em, d.o
cause on the real, dog you the hardest nigga we know
i'm shakin' 'em off, breakin' 'em off
shot him in his face and now they takin him off
here's a shoutout to those with a plot out
fool we should have got out, now you gettin popped out
i'm not out to diss but to get my chips
and smash, pass with cash
and blaze the spliff now pass the fifth
for real nigga did you hear me? ya heard
you ran up and got served, ha ha
now ain't that a trip (what what)
you need to get up off of that bullshit
c'mon


(buck em), the scene is set (set)
and it's a million bitch niggas bout to straight get wet
i walk em all in the street (fuck em)
i cuff they hands and blind they eyes and hog tie they feet
(fuck em), with no remorse nigga cut em down
love the way we shut em down, shit it ain't funny now
used to be my buddy pal, nigga wet and bloody now
nigga where your homies now, half them niggas funny style
(fuck em), it's bout to get shitty now
doggy bout to get him now cause you better sit him down
nigga what up now, you act like a bitch
you bound to get fucked you trick ass snitch
(fuck em), boy we on a rampage
rippin up this damn stage, yeah it's still a g thang
slammin doors, slappin hoes
cuz fuck videos, i get a hundred for shows
if you ain't got the papers
i ain't got the time to sit and chat about the motherfucking vapors
biatch, don't even trip
you need to raise up off of that bullshit
c'mon


snoop dogg

it's a gangsta gangsta ride
on the nutty danger side
as we ride, dip and slippin
take your mind, on a high
it's a gangsta gangsta ride
on the nutty danger side
as we ride, dip and slippin
take your mind, on a high


it's a gangsta gangsta ride
on the nutty danger side
as we ride, dip and slippin
take your mind, on a high
it's a gangsta gangsta ride
on the nutty danger side
as we ride, dip and slippin
take your mind, on a high


boom bam as i step in the jam, god damn
don't need no introduction, cause you know who i am
the s-n-double-o-p, the only, fo' sho'
now motherfuckers let me hear you say ho
i spit ya, spat at ya, whoot wham, get at ya
rider, i threw a slider, right at ya
mash ya, gat ya, drip-drop the hatchet
keep the party crackin, while i'm steady rappin
this game we run, y'all know what's happenin
we back in effect, we got the heat on deck
i'm slidin down south with a blunt in my mouth
i catch a plane out east and try to make some peace
i'm hangin with my niggas in the projects
the homie's throwin a party, i gotta get back west
oh yeah -- that's right, we are the best
no limit dpg southwest connects, ya feel me?


it's a gangsta gangsta ride
on the nutty danger side
as we ride, dip and slippin
take your mind, on a high
it's a gangsta gangsta ride
on the nutty danger side
as we ride, dip and slippin
take your mind, on a high


keep it gangsta
keep it gangsta, keep it gangsta dogg
keep it, keep it gangsta dogg
yeah, we keep it gangsta dogg
fo' sho', we keep it gangsta dogg, what?
yeah, i wanna say whattup to all them gangstas
out there on the eastisde
(on the southside, on the northside) yeah
(on the westside)
y'all niggas need to point the guns in the right directions
ya know, ya heard?


it's a gangsta gangsta ride
on the nutty danger side
as we ride, dip and slippin
take your mind, on a high
it's a gangsta gangsta ride
on the nutty danger side
as we ride, dip and slippin
take your mind, on a high
it's a gangsta gangsta ride
on the nutty danger side
as we ride, dip and slippin
take your mind, on a high



(uncle snoop dogg.)
yo' whassup, whassup
(could you read us a bedtime story?)
alright, alright
ya'll get my ash tray, get my lighter
i'm a read ya'll a gangsta bedtime story
come here, sit on my lap
(okay.)
check it out


great scotts, it's hot today
he ran up out of bullets so i shot him in his chest
he fell to the floor with his hands in the air
his vision gettin blurry but you know i didn't care
peck, peck, he tried to stay on deck
so i ran up on this nigga and i shot him in his neck
shooting like a muthafuckin vietnam vet
riding on this nigga disrepectin my set
no stranger to danger ain't no warning shots
on the hood gettin hot, anybody can drop
you better have a spot up in town my nigga
cause please believe it, it can go down my nigga
caught up in some traffic behind some hood rat
grease strikes you out with no get back
wishing for a steak eatin on a kit kat
and your bitch ain't shit the little homie hit that
sit back and go see, take a trip up with me
let's go get a stick nigga dip with me
we can ride on some niggas for nuthin at all
even if we cool with 'em, fuck 'em let's go get 'em
lbc in this muthafucka cuz
i had to show these niggas what time it was
we got thugs, cons, drugs and guns
we claiming everything nigga, even dimes and doves
have you ever slapped a bitch, to mack your grip?
or better yet, strapped a clip to a muthafuckin' nine millimeter for heater and put the ride down out a g two seater?
you need a nigga like me to get your game like that
young nigga, you could get a smack for that
i'm that nigga who brought the afro back
and pat your back and then i turn around and snatch your sack
before i came out niggas was wearing slack
i brought the curl back and the golf hat
the black poker sack and this scandalous raps
the one eight seven kidnaps and jacks
i brought snaps to the game nigga
raps to the game nigga, i'm that big rap name nigga
s-n double o-p fa sho
i do my thang way cutthroat on the down-low
oh once upon a time in the lbc
there lived a og from the dpg
and all the little kids looked up to him
all the women stayed true to him, police tried to do him
but couldn't do nothing to him cause he's like stainless steel
and all they hated on him because he was way to real
i don't know why but he's just so fly
but i gotta end this story by saying goodnight

yo nephew, give me some of that no limit shit
yeah
we got my nigga fiend in the house
c-murder in this motherfucker
mystikal up in this bitch
goldie loc, hm-hmm
my nephew silkk the shocker
oh, yeah, we got something for the ladies too
mia x, run this bitch


next up, on the m-i-c
c-murder, get busy for the symphony


next up, on the m-i-c
silkk the shocker get busy on the symphony
uh-uh, uh-uh-uh


now would i come this far, fucker, if i didn't sound like a hit?
y'all didn't know what the fuck y'all thinkin bout
you sound like a bitch (biaatch!)
shit it sound like a wish
you know when you got a motherfuckin hit? (when?)
bitch? when it sound like this! (hahaha)
or you fake niggas get enough heart
and try to bust a rhyme at this clip
fuck around and miss, then fuck around and get found in a ditch
got labels on my dome, when they find i gross this much
freestyle shit, you can tell em i ain't wrote this stuff
silkk the shocker, klc, purple mask life, like snoop and dre nigga
y'all can relay it to a label ten times
get a label contract for mj figures
it ain't where you from; it's where the fuck you at
n-o-l-i-m-i-t, top dogg, and i'm fucking with that!


next up, on the m-i-c
mystikal, get busy on the symphony
errerrhrhrh!!


next up, on the m-i-c
goldie loc, get busy on the symphony


now watch me put these haters to the test (test)
accumulatin with my stress (stress)
fold em fuck em fifty, get the shit up off my chest (chest)
releasin anger, all natural gangsta energy (energy)
goldie loc the name, dogg house gang
motherfuckers better start backin up (what up, what up)
we in the tank punk busters
motherfuckers don't wanna see us loc'd up (ahh!)
little goldie loc, goldie locks the same thang
smashin for the hood, cause i wanted to gangbang


last up, i believe that's me
snoop dogg, light up the mic for the symphony


this jam is dedicated to all non-optimistics
that thought i wasn't coming out with some exquisite rhymes
but that's okay, cause now i'm back (uh-huh)
to kill all the rumors (say what?), and straighten the facts
like umm, doin bad (what?), gettin ganked for my bank
now you all on my dick when you see i'm a tru tank dogg (haha)
you say, "mmmm-mmm-mmm! ain't that somethin
dogg, i bought yo' album, my nigga, that shit is bumping
i apologize (i'm sorry), i'm sorry for the drama
can i get your autograph for my baby momma?" (sheeeiit)
shit, i'm setting it off, letting it off, busting (busting)
hustling (hustling), rushing (rushing), dusting motherfuckers ('sup?)
droppin the heat, lock up the street, we 'posed to
i put this pistol in your mouth, now what you gon' do?
top of the line, first class (first class)
i pop a cap in yo' ass, then pop some mo' in the glass
too legit to quit (yeah), i'm spittin gangsta shit (haha!)
man, fuck all that yapping (yeah)
we 'bout that gun clapping (shhh!)


no limit, yeah, that's what's happenin
no limit, no limit, no limit, no limit
fuck all that yapping, we bout that gun clappin (no limit)
yeah, in the real world, talk is cheap
actions speak louder than words
no limit records, here to protect and serve

yeah, this shit right here sound like a love song
(she was in love)
a gangsta love song, you feel me? check it out
(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)
(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)


yeah, gangsta, uh-huh!
have you ever had a pretty, young saditty
black female with chips, from the city?
her momma got ends, and her daddy got ends
and she liked to give me ends when i'm out with my friends
good girl - why do good girls like bad boys? (i don't know)
when i was a kid, growin up, i never had toys
and i think that she can figure that shit out (why?)
cause every time she came to pick a nigga up
shit, she'd take a nigga out
roll around town, ask the pound, they know, look
baby was my thang, nah, she was my low-low
bought my first rol-o, and then we took a photo together
man i hope this thang last forever
we been together six months, and we ain't argued yet
she lovin a nigga, steady buyin me shit
and don't say shit when i dip with my click
and understand, when i'm down and out
may need some help with some chips
her mother approved of me, but her father he don't
he probably won't, shit pops ain't no punk
daddy's little girl be in a gangsta's world
buyin me houseshoes and khaki blues, california curls
no matter what her father say, baby gon' see me
it's like a jungle sometimes, that makes me wonder like stevie
believe me, when i say that baby was in love with a thug
in love with a thug


(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)
daddy i'm in love with a gangsta
(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)
momma i'm in love with a gangsta
(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)
daddy i'm in love with a gangsta
(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)
momma i'm in love with a gangsta


mm.. i'm caught up in the middle and i don't know what to do
i caught eight months in the joint, behind my crew
that i gotta do and i'mma miss you boo
but i'mma write you every night and call you on the phone too
whatchu gon' do? "you know i'm gon' stay true
but i'mma go ahead to college like my father want me to"
well um, off to my cell withcha body on my mind
and i'mma call you back tomorrow round the same time
i'm on the mainline, 9500 for short
on another phoneline, holla'n at my other ho
this bitch ain't sayin shit, cause the bitch ain't shit
old fat golddiggin-ass county check receivin beotch
i bail up in the day room and get in a scrap
niggas watchin soul train and i wouldn't turn it back (man fuck y'all)
never caught slippin, always on strap
and now i'm back in the hole with no motherfuckin get back
sit back and contemplate, and think about baby
and hope she don't get caught up in the world that's so crazy
but while i'm up in wayside, and she off in college
she gettin a little mo' than a schoolgirl knowledge
cause gangsta-ass niggas go to school nowadays
i tried to make you wait, but i can't change yo' ways
she fell in love with the local g
and now they both in the penitentiary, she didn't mention me


(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)
daddy i'm in love with a gangsta
(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)
momma i'm in love with a gangsta
(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)
daddy i'm in love with a gangsta
(she was in love, with a thug, in love!)
momma i'm in love with a gangsta

dippin' down long beach coulevard
i only rides with my doggs (wuh-what)
and i don't give a fuck about none of y'all
i'm ridin til the wheels fall off
i only rides with my doggs (wuh-what)


bendin' corners on gold daytona's, we heated, so beat it
however you want it, nah however you need it (we just dippin')
bendin' corners on gold daytona's, we heated, so beat it
however you want it, nah however you need it (we just dippin')
bendin' corners on gold daytona's, we heated, so beat it
however you want it


bendin' corners on gold daytona's, we heated, so beat it
however you want it, nah however you need it (we just dippin')
bendin' corners on gold daytona's, we heated, so beat it
however you want it, nah however you need it (we just dippin')
bendin' corners on gold daytona's, we heated, so beat it


bendin' corners on gold daytona's, we heated, so beat it
however you want it, nah however you need it (we just dippin')
bendin' corners on gold daytona's, we heated, so beat it
however you want it, nah however you need it (we just dippin')
bendin' corners on gold daytona's, we heated, so beat it
however you want it

	
life in the projects
where it's hard to get by
but you got it cuz your spot's gettin' hotter
life in the projects
where grass is cheese and cheese is power
life in the projects
where you got to have the will to know how
know how to do what?  survive
life in the projects
you got to get yours cuz i'ma get mine

life in the projects, goodness grief
everybody waitin' on the 1st and 15th
the police man is tryin' to get atcha
catcha, snatcha, open up your fridge
nuttin' lookin' back atcha
so you open up your freeza and say 'god, please'
i wish we had some more of this government cheese
i'm duckin' buckshots, see, walkin' on my knees
ain't no trees, the grass ain't green
and when i say it's all bad, you know what i mean
there's one in every family- what?  a fiend
and a basketball star with no team, no dreams
remember good times?  jj and michael?
and all the lil' thangs they went through despite
nobody in the projects gave a fuck
ain't no good, it's all badluck, shucks, shoppin' poppin'
back up on all the scene, from the george down, pj's, cali or projects
and the cabrini greens, my niggas get wild on they ass
we like to pow-pow on they ass
here's a toast to the coast, so take a blast
]from the projects to the upper deck, upper class
a long way from where i come from
i know where i'm at, nigga, i can't forget where i came from





another day another dolla
for the top dogg with the gold flea colla
nigga make the whole dogg world wanna holla
the way they do my life and i'm steady tryin' to do more right
so trife your life could disappear
and if you ain't careful who you fuckin' wit nigga
now reappear come here come near so you can hear what i spit
so sick and tired of niggas standin on that "g" shit
and just because you on starz wit some khakis
and think your rap style can out rap me and now jack me
come here nigga slap yo self
thats probably why yo shit still sittin' on the motherfuckin shelf
and mine sold out ever since it came out
blue carpet roll out, #1 no doubt, mo' clout, down south, mixin' it up
with dem niggas that don't never hesitate to bust
what you niggas tappin' on my front door for?
hmm, oh you lookin' for yo ho? (you heard)
we in the hotel room doin' the zoom
and let me let you know nigga my heat goes boom


and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom


i'm back on the scene, chopping green, captain on the team call me commissioner nigga so just listen up
look like you bored and our boy's bridges
he hangin' wit dem niggas but dem niggas straight bitches
left a nigga hangin' at the club when it was scrap time
then a week later gave him a shout out in a rap line
now they in a new york rap time
rapper turned snitch, now you livin' on a main line
money's too tight to mention but let me mention
when dem niggas in da kitchen find out he's snitchin'
they gon' get him, and when his homies find out he's snitchin
9 times out of 10 dat nigga gon be bitchin
(you know what) you know what? transformin' is switchin'
and oh yeah informin is snitchin
but i ain't one to tell you ain't heard from me
i'm just an mc tryin to stay sucker free


and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom


look here fool, i know this game in and out
and quit tryin to tell me bout dem niggas down south
don't try to slide with that west side love shit
that dove shit, eat a dick bitch
i can read you from the giddy
i read you, i took you to my home and i fed you
and led you upstairs to a room with 37 niggas
that was strapped up hatin', waitin' on you
nigga, you the victim
we don't don't pick 'em, we just stick 'em and when once we get 'em, we got 'em
we try to rid the streets of creeps and freaks like you
for all y'all snitches and bitches we gonna do the world a big favor
cuz niggas like y'all be fuckin' up the gangsta flavor
and oh yeah it ain't no west coast thang
cuz niggas out of town got birds that sing


and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom


breakdown (breakdown)
breakdown (breakdown)
top dogg
no limit
yeah
lbc

hm, hm
yeah
it's funky
this shit funky (this shit real funky)
how you gon' come, dog
how you gon' come for the 99, nigga
i'm comin' like this


stacey boots, perms and suits, i'm braided up, can fade it up
i skated up, you waited up, so you know i got to go ahead and tear shit up
turn lose on these muthafuckers jelly roll
nephew, boy this shit is out of control
rockin, rollin, bangin b
a little something, something nigga, thats banged up streets
freak, freak yall, into the beat ya'll
and to all my big doggs grab your meat cha'll
and yes, yes ya'll, oh we the best ya'll
we got the shit that make the bitches grab they breast ya'll
it don't stop till the wheels fall off
9-5, four pennies, serve any good and plenty, tryna keep it hot like
fuck a spot light, my nigga jelly roll make it knock light


we all shinin' stars
ya'll know who you are
and dip low lows with me
you party with a d.p.g


we ridin, dippin, slippin, slidin, eastside up eastsiders
riders, ballers, rollers, ladies
players, gangstas, macks, pimps, and 'llacs
hustlers, bitches, niggas and g's, we having big thangs blowing trees
shinin, grinin, refuse to lose
i gotta a g in my pocket for dippin out of shoes
i head the corner in the navigator
committed to excellence like a raider
you hate a nigga like me but you got to love me
your lady wanna shove me and your kids wanna hug me
a nigga thuggin' like bugsy siegel again, i'm in the regal again
i do it all legal again, i can't lose, you won't win, respect the boss
if ya run up, you gettin' done up, i love to floss


we all shinin' stars
ya'll know who you are
and dip low lows with me
you party with a d.p.g


why you acting bad, probably cause i'm know as the bad actor
in the rap game i'm the big factor, macker, smack a bitch in a second
the big dogg nigga very well respected
you gotta put your mash down when you wanna get to the top
the game is stuffy like puffy don't stop
i thought i told ya, nigga i'm a soldier
no limit lieutenant, yeah i did it
i'm committed like a motherfucker supposed to be
won't let no bitch niggas close to me
from my head to my feet i'm protected from harm
cause i'm a muthafucking shining star, you feel me
and fuck who wanna kill me
you niggas thrill me, but guess what will be
on top tip top, non stop, dogg not
and you gotta let me end, the nigga i'm a shine like a g


we all shinin' stars
ya'll know who you are
and dip low lows with me
you party with a d.p.g

once upon a time, in the l.b.c
on the eastside, off of 2-1 street
there lived a young man, cinderfella's his name
to make it interesting it's me, peep game
i lived in a house with my cruel step-dad
and two step-brothers who treated me bad
i cooked, i cleaned, i scrubbed the floors
and i was like an errand boy runnin to the stores
my brothers, they used to boast and brag:
"we've got fubu, and you've got rags!"
and even worse than that, to make me feel low
they gave me a skateboard, while they had low-lows
girls used to say, "snoop, you're so cute
but you gets no rap with that to' up khaki suit"
welllll, one day, up the avenue
there was a man, surrounded by the dogg pound crew
he said ah, "hear ye! hear ye! come one, come all!
the princess is having a royal ball
if you can rap, also dress fresh
you might win a date with the sweet princess"
well i, um, ran home when i heard the newsflash
i bust through the door, straight to my step-dad
i said, "step-dad, may i?"
and before i could finish, "hell no!", he replied (cinderfella!)
my brothers were goin, they were gettin down
even pops was goin for a piece of the crown (cinderfella!)
they flaunted, they haunted, they knew what i wanted
"we can and you can't," is what they taunted (nana-nana-nah-nah)
they all stood there, laughin in my face
and as they walked out they said, "clean up this place!"


(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love
(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love
(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love
(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love


well i shrugged, i hissed, they all tried to diss
and i'd get them back if i had one wish
before i could make my thought a phrase
there appeared a man from a puff of haze
he said, "what's up, dogg? my name is herb
i'm your fairy doggfather, you know it, word!
now i've came here with the main purpose
of granting you your fondest wish"
i said, "herb, my man, just make me fresh
and i'm sure that i can handle, all the rest"
with a snap of his fingers sparks began to shoot
and i was jumpin in my body: a slick silk suit
on my feet was some white tube socks
and a fresh pair of chucks from the foot-lock
i showed him my sack, and don't you know
with a snap, the sack became some doe-doe
once again his hands began to flow
then he changed my skateboard into a six-fo' (damn!)
he checked me over, passed me the keys
and said, "one more thing before you leave...
you must return before the stroke of twelve
or you'll turn back into your old self"


(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love
(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love


i jumped in the low-low and went on my way
i got to the party 'bout ten, i'd say
it was after eleven when i rocked the mic
and by the time i left the stage, the people were hyped (well alright!)
the princess was starin, while holdin a drank
reflected from her eyes was gold tank
she waved her hands like, "hello! hi!"
then gave another gesture like, "come here, guy!"
i left the stage, girls came in flocks
the bitch was swingin from the hard knocks
i heard a sound, not a tick nor tock
gong! first bell before twelve o'clock
no time to waste, i broke out in haste
the princess followed in a futile chase
a quick steady pace is what i kept
lost one of my chucks on one of those steps
for the six-fo' i continued my stride
about this time i heard gong five
i was down the block when i heard gong eight
and the princess screamed out, "wait! wait! wait! wait!"


(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love
(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love


i was almost home when my luck ran out
and there went my suit, my doe sack and clout
my fresh low-low, also went too
and there was no denyin that my night was through
the one all-star, the freshest thing i sported
jumped on my board, for home i skateboarded
made it to my pad, no time at all
went to my room, or better yet the far wall
hid the shoe away, still feelin pleased
then jumped in my cot to catch some z's
early the next mornin, when i awoke
i threw on me old slippers with me old housecoat
slid into the front, my family stared at me
sayin, "wasn't that you? nah, it couldn't be"
they kept askin me if i did my chores
my butt was saved by a knock at the door
"who is it?", that's what my brothers barked
"the princess," this sweet voice remarked
she said she was lookin for a certain man
who could bring her the shoe like the one in her hand
the family ran around with their heads in the air
bringin her shoes from everywhere
she just shook her head, a nod of relief
and said, "no, that's not the one that i'm lookin' for, chief"
i ran in the room and got my shoe
and said, "is this the one you're referring to?"
well she said, "yes, and you're so cute
but where's your doe-doe and slick silk suit?"
i put on the shoe, then there came a flash of light
and i was wearin shit, from just last night
looked out the window, saw the six-fo'
yelled to my family, "i've got to go!"
we drove up the avenue, the princess and i
and in back of me, i heard my family cry...


(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love
(cinderfella doggy dogg!)
and i'm the rapper doggy dogg you love
(cinderfella doggy dogg!)

i wish you wouldn't trust me so much
i wish you wouldn't trust me so much!
i wish you wouldn't trust me so much
i wish you wouldn't trust me so much! heyyy


i wish you wouldn't trust me so much
i wish you wouldn't trust me so much!
i wish you wouldn't trust me so much
i wish you wouldn't trust me so much! heyyy


hmm, i spent the night at the homie's house, shit
slept in his livingroom, on his couch
nigga high'n a motherfucker burnt out (shit)
before you know it, god damn, the homie chirped out (damn!)
and he ain't said shit, he just dip in his seville as he peel
left me at the pad with his girl, damn, what the deal?
now baby got a gown on, gettin her clown on
as she slid downstairs, now she takin me down home
cheatin in the next room in the homeboy's bedroom
am i wrong? shit, on and on and on and on
now what am i to do if you was me and i was you
his baby momma in my face, she shakin poo-poo, what would you do?
trust is a motherfuckin loco, shit
and so is temptation, and i don't know what i'mma do
come on through (come on through) so i can cum on you (cum on you)
shit if the homey knew (if the homey knew) if the homey knew
(if the homey knew)


i wish you wouldn't trust me so much

nah-na-na-nah-nah, nah-na-na-nah-nah


white boy, white boy, turn that shit down
you know that america ain't ready for the sound
from dem white boyz.. (white boyz) white boyz.. (white boyz)
white boyz.. (white boyz) white boyz.. (white boyz)




