 + (lil jon)
yeah!
yhey ain't ready for this one nephew (nah!)
lil jon (hey!) snoop dogg (uh-huh!)
turn this shit up nigga! (let's go!)


1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
we get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
we get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
well nigga i'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
yeah nigga i'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
shorty you burnt, lil' mama what it do?
if a nigga make a move, lil' mama comin to


1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
snoop d-o-dub', pocket full of dubs
all my niggas dubs, rollin on candy
feelin like meh, square bitches can't stand me
hey! my niggas turnt up, i'm a beast bitch
west coast, i'm on the east bitch
when i'm in the place, the hoes lose it
they say they love me, and the music
the spot jerkin, they be gettin low
she wanna roll, that's what i'm here fo'
i threw a grand up, and watch it come down
that ain't for you bitch, i like to hear the sound
now put your hands up, i wanna see you work
she blew a kiss, i blew the purp'
i'm geeked up girl, i'm on my tip too
my niggas all on, and i'mma get you


1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
we get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
we get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
well nigga i'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
yeah nigga i'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
shorty you burnt, lil' mama what it do?
if a nigga make a move, lil' mama comin to


1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
snoop d-o-dub', i'm higher than a mug
cameras goin off all the chickens want hugs
and when i'm on the bill i fa'sho' fill the club
e'rybody know me, nigga i'm a star
long beach laker, see the faces in the car?
pimpin what it do, she poppin like a pill
1800 then my hand made it spill
your party on e, if snoopy don't come
you smoke about a zone, i smoke about a drum
burnt in the club, my hands on her thigh
a eastside nigga put his hood in the sky
she like what i say, i like what she do
turn that ass around and drop it like a fool
i'm geeked up girl, i'm on my tip too
the homies all on, but i'mma get you


1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
we get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
we get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
well nigga i'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
yeah nigga i'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
shorty you burnt, lil' mama what it do?
if a nigga make a move, lil' mama comin to


1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
snoop d-o-dub', turn that shit up
i don't buy bub, tequila got me goin
burnt in the club, and e'rybody known
nigga i'm a boss, i do what i do
millionaire status, nigga who is you?
my locs on bright, baby look at me
she like how i talk, i get it from the p
lil jon did it, the party goin dumb
put it in the air, listen to the drum
snoop dogg said it, we gettin turnt up
swishers all around, gettin burnt up
look at how i do, i grab her by the waist
whisper in her ear, then i touch her on the face
i'm geeked up girl, i'm on my tip too
e'rybody on, but i'mma get you (let's go!)


1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
we get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
1800, i'm blunted, fa cert'
we get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
well nigga i'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
yeah nigga i'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
shorty you burnt, lil' mama what it do?
if a nigga make a move, lil' mama comin to



left that boy bloody red
"why'd you leave him layin there?"
cause he ran, then he said
take this bread and make the spread
break it up, and nigga don't be scared
i was only there prepared
i began to see that he was fucking round with the feds
locin round to get inside a real rider
and have him snitching and getting real shit up outta names
40 consolidated to 44
they said he singin like a bird everywhere he go
case is over, more pain but no pay
and these the g's that been fuckin up the gangbang
we all got one, nigga not one
nigga pop one, got a shotgun, nigga drop one
you see me? that's snoopy whodini
makin niggas dissapear, then pop em back in black teenies
to me, i keen satan but keep that on the low
load it up, and we already foe
and they already know


set the stage
turn the page
grab the gauge
shoot it quick
this we ride
this we wild
doggy on some other shit
daddy won't
think he can't
yeah he will
bet he won't
rep the side
nine to five
pop a nigga
let he know
don't get caught
keep it g
keep that thing by my side
serve a set
who we shootin?
why we won't?
why we ridin?
daddy talk?
anyone?
you ain't know?
he ain't know
better, better
better, better
say he seen it
know they know
said he won't
can't keep up
loc' he got a cold stroke
meantime, me and my
we just gon' let it go
ay, what you thinkin' for?
ay, what you think he say?
everybody in and out of l.a
we got niggas gettin' shizzot
and rats on the plizzot
and plus we got to deal with these crooked ass cizzops
aw no, the screams of a mother cry
and blaze and flames in the scenes of a homocide


) 
visualize like as i do
all i want to do is like be inside you
ride you, try to find you, fill you, revive you
go on with your bad self baby baby cause i do adore
and i give you more
put it on you all the time you know mi amor
we got for sure pure, i'll even allure
don't trip i ain't leaving you for
jay got beyonce, i got shante
with no entree, that's my baby
you know the thing about when i bring 'em out
feels so good i had to sing about
get it, get it now, we flying out of town, checking in a suite
pedicure on my feet
miss bow wow, queen of the town
aiyyo jaz, tell 'em how i put it down




is it the way you look? is it the way you walk?
is it the way you cook? is it the way you talk?
i think it's all of the above
no playtime in the daytime making love
kids go to school, we can act a fool
skinny dip in the pool, do it real smooth
miss bow wow, queen of the town
aiyyo jaz, tell 'em how i put it down



)
he's here to stay, he's here to stay
ladies, if your man make you say
(got me speaking different languages )
he's here to stay, he's here to stay


uhh, oh yes i am
this my plan, you my girl, i'm your man
take your pain, take my hand, take my name
make my kids, do your thing
ain't no game, show no shame
if i'm the boss, boss lady must be your name
so i got you, got 212
put your face on my back, brand new tattoo
20 years in the game, what love won't do
a lot of women want me but i want you
you look cute when you smile, so i renewed our vows
nowadays i ain't moving that wow, i changed my style
it might happen to you
what gotten to me, shit i gotten to you
and start rapping 'bout things like love and being true
now maybe we can make another baby or two



)
you make me say (got me speaking different languages ) 

anything you wear
we don't even care
if you come to represent the dog, then you say “yeah” (yeah)
all you need is your dog collar (with diamonds on it, baby)
anything you wear
we don't even care
if you come to represent the dog, then you say “yeah” (yeah)
all you need is your dog collar (with diamonds on it, baby)
it's not a problem that i can't fix
‘cause i can do it in the mix
it's not a problem that i can't fix
‘cause i can do it in the mix


so mystical, magical
it's not a lamp, it's a collar
and it's guaranteed to get you dollars
make 'em wanna holla in this hole like an impala
it's snoop dogg and you know i'm top dolla
groovin', and movin', provin' once again
coming on through, 'cause yes i gots to win
i can't lose, i bruise and cruise
keep it all in the ooze
and leave 'em all confused
they losers like that


and that's for real
so bow down to the bow-wow cause he coming back with a new style
and it'll make you holla
the top dollar
and all you need is your dog collar


anything you wear
we don't even care
if you come to represent the dog, then you say “yeah” (yeah)
all you need is your dog collar (with diamonds on it, baby)
anything you wear
we don't even care
if you come to represent the dog, then you say yeah (yeah)
all you need is your dog collar (with diamonds on it, baby)


now, i see what you see
but you probably don't believe
what i believe, you got a trick up your sleeve
ain't too much, just too hot to rush
sit back, relax, and let me go ahead and buzz it up
i’mma get into it, 'cause you know i can
and i’mma hit with you the hellified masterplan
intelligence, elegance
and what you wear is irrelevant
so please, don't feel hesistant
‘cause you know the dogg collar is a precedent, in his resident
and the message is
no money, drink, no weed, all you need
is this prestige, collar
that'll make ya grandma wanna holla
diamonds in the bank, like an impala
and i wouldn't trade mine for a million dollars


anything you wear
we don't even care
if you come to represent the dog, then you say “yeah” (yeah)
all you need is your dog collar (with diamonds on it, baby)
anything you wear
we don't even care
if you come to represent the dog, then you say “yeah” (yeah)
all you need is your dog collar (with diamonds on it, baby)
it's not a problem that i can't fix
‘cause i can do in the mix
it's not a problem that i can't fix
‘cause i can do in the mix


everyone will see
that you're down with me
we'll have lots of fun together
you just wait and see
all you need in your dog collar (with diamonds on it, baby)
everyone will see
that you're down with me
we'll have lots of fun together
you just wait and see
all you need in your dog collar (with diamonds on it, baby)

it's the doggy style
how we doin' this
how we doin' this
it's the doggy style
how we doin' this
how we doin' this
how we doin' this
how we doin' this
it's the doggy style
how we doin' this
how we doin' this
how we doin' this
how we doin' this
it's the doggy style
how we doin' this
how we doin' this
how we doin' this
how we doin' this

it's like everywhere i look and everywhere i go
i'm hearing muthafuckas tryna steal my flow
but it ain't no thang, cause see my nigga coolio
put me up on the game when i stepped in the door
you know some of you niggas is so deceptive
using my styles like a contraceptive
i hope you get burnt
seems you haven't learnt
it's the knick-knack, patty-whack
i still got the biggest sack!
so put your gun away, run away, cause i'm back
why? hit em up, get 'em up, spit 'em up
now, tell me, what's going on?
it make me wanna holler, cause my bitches come in o-zones
known for break off so take off your clothes
and quit trying to spit at my motherfuckin' hoes!
speaking of hoes, i kick in the doors
put my nuts on ya chin and the story goes


why do bitch-ass niggas always talk shit
but don't when it's time to get wrecked, checked, and ripped?
i knew he was a hoe
ready to turn a trick and i can tell from his lips that my dick would fit
i've split, gums
you didn't know dumb-da-ditty-dumb
and my shit do harm so run, ring the alarm
i thought you knew i'm looney like tony montana
in the mix running shit, oops and um...
the smoothest, coolest, rudest ya know
on a kamikaze mission (ooh, if i can be like snoop)
keep wishing, listen
with my balls in ya jaws, make room to put my dick in

one lil, two lil, three lil g's
hangin' on the dope spot slangin' they keys
four lil, five lil, six lil cops
leanin' in the cut, 'bout to get popped
not, knowin' i'm scopin' on the roof
i got my red beam, better have ya bulletproof
cause the light don't miss once i put it to ya dome
they got my homies jacked, now they reachin' for they chrome
al capone was a hero of mine
i've shot plenty niggas and cops, so fuck one time
where they at? where they at? oh, they in the back
so i gotsta take my time and make sure that my nine
get him, got him, spot him, shoot him, he's shot
and now they call me snoop gotti
i'm like a fugitive, harrison ford
slidin' in the chevy now the shit's gettin' heavy
but you know i can't choke so i call my nigga loc
gotta find the hideaway and a big bag of smoke
can't be fuckin' wit' my niggas while they makin' they dope
cause if ya slippin', ya fallin' asleep on death row


now some muthafucka done snitched on me
and the judge just sentenced me to do about a century
i'm mobbin' through the county main line
back in 9500, just tryna handle mines
spittin' game at my homies about the good ol' days
as we try to pass time, waitin' for the chains
to chino, i see no reason to cry
when a nigga's still alive, right?
five o'clock wake up, call roll, call doggy dogg
be at the chow hall from there i roam the yard
still representin' to the fullest, so you know what time it is
i shank a nigga in a minute, abiding rules of the pen
i adapt quick, don't take shit from no nigga
hittin' pushups by the g's to get bigger
eight months, i'm on swole, my mind's clearer
everyday of my life i take a glimpse in the mirror
and guess what the fuck i'm startin' to see
i still regulate sleepin' in the penitentiary

radio killa, big snoop d-o-dub
the-american-dream...
aiyyo nephew, why don't come up off them keys
and sing a 'lil somethin for the ladies
yanuhtalkinbot? let 'em know how we feelin right now


yeah, she love it the way i put it on her
blowin trees, summer breeze, sippin coronas
boss dogg, i give it to her right, and she like it
she on the hip like a sidekick
is he, one of the coolest of fool on the flo'?
i whispered in her ear, "c'mere, you're ready to go?"
i rolled up a winna and put it up in the air
got that lil' dress on, you comin up outta there, yeah!
she like that, you like that?
you say you bite, well i bite back
and i'm all go, we can do it 'til tomorrow
i beat it up like harpo
snoopy, i go hard baby, yes
kissin on ya chest and i'm diggin out your stress
i won't stop 'til you're finished
but you ain't felt love 'til a gangsta get up in it
dream


she always call in the middle of the night
cause i'm a dogg, i'mma give her what she like
she say my name loud, i say her name low
that's what i aim fo', that's how the game go
baby like the way i wake her up (why?)
'cause i'm a gangsta, i grab her by the butt (oh)
pull her to my side, i'm in deep
woke that ass up, just to put her to sleep
everyday, it's the same thang, i creep in
it's like "true blood", i sink my teeth in
i gotta have it, the l.b. raised me
we was taught to dick 'em down crazy
lights out, i'm so lit
mommy so gone, daddy won't quit
i won't stop 'til you're finished
you ain't felt love 'til a gangsta get up in it
dream


this the life that you show
the loop, the coupe, the grove
an'thing goes!
it's so good, got her wigglin her toes (wow!)
the boss, the-dream
the floss, the cream
the trips overseas
all these things really don't mean a thing
when i'm tearin' that ass up, workin you like a shift
i give it to you like a gift
you hear what that boy say?
you gettin jacked, give it up fast
then i hit it from the back
"snoopy, you so good," she screamin' and i like that girl
she go off in another world, i won't stop
'til you're finished, she love this gangsta
especially when i'm in it
dream



bi-itch
yeah, now we gonna talk about these hoes for a minute (talk about these, let's talk about these hoes)


trip, now daz, luke, kurupt, and snoop
come bangin' all the hoes in ya muthafuckin' group
it's a shame, how my game
gon' get that pussy for me in a minute mane
there's hoes all over this place, i bumped a hoe from atlanta
named nevanah, and i, ran a, plan up
that i had designed for another bitch named savannah
man i, had a lot of hoes in my lifespan
even had a bitch from iran named jan
not to mention japan, i had a tight-eyed hoe with dough
ya know? fo' sho'
now ya know i can bump 'em
so when they get out of line i won't hesitate to dump 'em
cause i was taught not long ago
in order to gain a hoe, you gotta lose a hoe
that's why my stable, keeps me able
to buy nice cars, homes, and cables
gangsta haters, a question for y'all
why yo' bitch paws in my draws, holding on my balls?


now let me tell you som' right, a lot of niggas don't understand (nah they don't understand) how real pimps and real players handle their shit (they don't understand, know what i'm talkin' about)
ya know, aye, me and my man, dogg (tell 'em), you know we just puttin' hoes in they place, we pimpin' hoes (pimpin' hoes), laying hoes down (slamming cadillac doors)
you know, a hoe is gonna be a hoe (hoe gon' be a hoe)
some of y'all niggas don't understand that (yo' hoe be a hoe, let the hoe be a hoe fool)
so, so don't act like you don't do it (cause you know ain't nuttin' to it), cause you know ain't nuttin' to it
just like we said, aye, hoes gon' be hoes (lay yo' bitch down, lay yo' bitch down, lay yo' bitch down, yuh, yuh), niggas gon' be niggas
we gon' get ours
aye, y'all hoes gon' be mad

it's ya eastside partner, big snoopy d-o
turned like d-lo, catch me on your tivo
long beach with me, the city and the turf chump
get turf stomped, fuckin with the turf punk
i'm geeked up, i'm on my tip ho
turn it up bee-itch, what you here foe?
i'm goin all in, that's what i do
my little niggas jerkin, what's up with you?
this little rappin ass, niggas tappin out
i'm almost twenty in, the fuck you rappin 'bout?!
my niggas peeled up, the homeys growin big
i'm all in the club rollin twenty crips
you see a g, you better know the deal
you see the fellas fool, i'm in the streets for real
i'm giggin' on these hoes, do 'em like dominos
i slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em "vamonos"


i see 'em comin huh, that's what i heard em said
the .38 the same color's the chevrolets'
501s' on, gangsta lookin good
i'm in the club holmes, chuck'n up the hood
we the west boy, yeah you see the shirt
smokin on that kobe, fuckin wit that purp
i gotta get 'er mayne, baby hella thick
she said her name was seven, call me michael vick {*panting*}
cause i'm a dog, ho, give 'em the dick and dash
fuck whatchu called fo', if i ain't hit dat ass
i'm snoopy d-o-dubb, i get it poppin cuz
and when i'm in the buildin, they get to poppin up
they get to spendin cash, screamin t.i.u
now gon' turn it up, lil' mama look at you!
i'm giggin on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes
and slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em "vamonos"


boss dogg chillin, lookin like a million
yeah, nigga got it, i'mma leave it
to my chil'ren
tonight i'm on some other shit, and baby lovin it
hella fast, grip dey ass like the oven mitt
i'm gooned up, boy! rich as fuck, boy!
black and gold brakes, that's my truck, boy
i'm on my eastside, shit i'm workin
i got the party goin, and it's jerkin
my niggas all long, we rollin out deck
hoes gettin in, you betta pick a bitch
cause when i shut it down, the party's over wit
she call me superman, i'm on my soulja shit (yooooou!)
boss dogg, get 'em, i sick 'em and take 'em home
west coast bitch, i'm on my fuckin throne
i'm giggin on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes
and slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em "vamonos"


we are party people
dogg  pound gangstas are party people
we  are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people
party  people
party people
so ya wanna get funky? (with who? uh-with who? uh-with who?)
with the sounds of the pound
do  ya wanna get funky? (uh-get up, uh-get up, well come on)
just get on down if ya wanna get funky (just get up, get up, get up)


break it down like, and make it sound like
i'm about to spin, begin it, jump in the mix
just to keep you in a fix for 1996
just to do the thangs that i'm normally doin'
it's snoop dogg, i'm on the mic and i'm still here pursuin'
i'm climbing the charts, breaking hearts up the way
just to do the thangs like i do back in the day
i make my pay the same way, i'm on the same type of mission
leaving niggas in the cold, man i got a story told
rolled, no need to fold up ya paper yet
i got the music, so use it, to get ya neck wet
i catch ya slippin', dippin', now my  flippin'
got the whole crowd saying: "boy, bow-wow terrific"
as i kick it, as i'm supposed to
get you in a twist, and twist like i wants to
and get ya up out ya ways, as the record plays
put on a little something from back in the days


we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people (ya know, ya know, they say)
we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people
we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people
party people
party people
so ya wanna get funky? (with who? uh-say what? uh-say what?)
ugh, to the sounds of the pound
do ya wanna get funky? (uh-get up, uh-get up, uh-get up)
well just get on down


now, it makes me wanna get up
it makes me wanna sit up
i got the joint in my hand
i light it, now it's lit up
now i'm 'bouts to write a, better yet, i writ a
it's snoop up on the microphone and now i'm getting rid of
all these sucka emcee's who be clogging the game up
i'm back on the block but i ain't come with the same stuff
i sacked it up differently, in fact, specifically
game so cold it left jack frost' nose froze
now, you knows and i knows how the story goes
all the ladies say "hey" and the niggas say "ho"
while they sippin' on a 100 proof
all my niggas in the vip boo, hollin' "woof"
cause snoop is back, back like return of the jedi
nigga don't say shit, cause i
already said i, be on the red-eye
ya fat, ya black, ya wack, yo' style is tore up
plus you got one dead eye
we move mountains and we rain like fountains
make so much paper we need four accountants
so keep bouncing, bouncing, bouncing
all i wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all


we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people (i said)
we are party people
dogg pound gangsta are party people
party people
party people
do ya wanna get funky? (uh-with who? uh-with who?)
ugh, to the sounds of the pound
do ya wanna get funky (uh-get up, uh-get up, uh-come on)
just get on down if ya wanna get funky (come on, uh-come on, uh-get up, uh-get up)
just get on down


we'll be bouncing, through the street


we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people

travel through my mind am i blind it's a shame
young niggas gettin' murdered straight took out the game
as i sit here puffin' on a cigarette
gotta be ready, never know who's plottin' on a niggas death
these are the rough times, best to hurry up
and duck muhfucka' 'fore i buck mine
it's gettin' crazy and everybody's strapped
surrounded by niggas but nary a motherfucker down to watch my back
these are the bitch made niggas, you been played nigga
while you starvin' and broke they pullin' six figures
oooh, what can you do
when you can't trust your crеw, time to bust out the twenty-two
boo-yaow, ran out of weed, so i'm sippin'
on this hеnnesey, tell me, do you feel me?
hey, i have no remorse
as i take another sip of my liquor and spit my sick thoughts, oooh


thuggin to the fullest, got my strap, i'ma pull it
i'm the first muhfucka' that can outrun a bullet
it's them thug life niggas, them done like triggers
got these punk wannabes and they jockin' like bitches
now my riches is gettin' hoe-zone, it's on
fuck a mystery, do you wanna get with me, then let's bone
i'ma take her to my hideout, cause i'm smokin' that spinach
and stayin' strong to the finish and then i ride out
see you on the freeway, sorry baby
but i gotta call my homey see what he say
i ain't got no time, i gotta get mine
i keep my mind on my loot, i'll shoot everytime
and ain't no way i'ma let bitch made nigga worry me
catch me slippin', empty the clip and bury me
hell nah nigga have to plug me twice
ain't no slippin' when you thug for life, motherfucker can you see?

well it ain't
all them faces in that laker paint
casa by the lake
make a little nigga faint
balling is what i does
i ain't messing with you can'ts
i'm a can do negro
a real life california hero
about six zeros at the end of the number in my bank account
nigga ain't ya mad at me
i'm so happy to see that you stopped your life to watch mine
yeah you see it fool
snoop's everywhere, italy i'm heavy there
did a show in rome like ho say you ain't never there
talking 'bout you popping bottles
i don't see none
you made it rain where?
i don't see a wand
go on get it off
that's what they like to hear
it's your money pimp
we don't fight it here
it's hard enough to be me
not trying to be you is someting i got to see
until then i'mma


this ain't a joke a loc made it look easy to you
i been through some shit
i made it easy for ya
now you ain't got to do much, i pop at everybody
go unwrap a bottle, share it with them busybodies
tell 'em what she want to hear
how you would like to take her out of town and shopping here
and snoopy is your homie
nah nah girl he out of here
yeah he just act like he don't know me when he all up in here
you a fool jack
though i don't condone faking for a bitch
don't call it pimping when you're bringing home the bacon to this bitch
go ahead and talk money
talk, look at the chicks it brought
but know the deal you better flip her like a somersault
snoopy never played the role for which he wasn't built for
never called somebody friend that i wouldn't kill for
i do this balling cause i can not cause it's cool
i pop cause i'm the man
now watch me and kells



what it do? coming at you live, it’s your boy big snoop dogg
got my nephew soulja boy in this mothafucker
we need you to move like pronto, like expeditiously
matter fact. soulja boy holla at 'em nephew - ya dig!


get it in, get it out, turn it up, turn it down
big snoop dogg and soulja boy, told ya boy in your mouth
make it bang, make it bounce, break it up, take it out
nigga what you talking about? snoop dogg walk it out
go to work, do the jerk, do it till your head hurt
we the west, just the turf, known throughout the universe
superman and kyptonite all on the same mic
send us some bad bitches like


all black hooded up, nigga we can get it up
ya, you can set it up cuz we will neva let it up
and i’ll do it till you get enough, and i beat you dead and red and stuff
what it do, what it is, i see you haven’t read enough
this is the life i chose for me and this is the way i chose to be
a lot of fools is hating me but that’s just the way it’s supposed to be
never went, against the grain, always banging 20 gang
stand for something dawg or you gonna fall for anything but later for that
yeah, i got my swag back, i’m with the soulja boy, now nigga bag, back
for them gcs and tcs we in the vip, blowin on some laker purple trees
jerkin knees, workin these cute bad bitches
i think they vietnamese, we gonna get them for their cheese
break it down, spread it round, fire a pound
put it in the air, right now like pronto


“ladies and gentlemen, we are now approaching 35,000 feet
hope you’re enjoying your ride through wonderland
i am your flight attendant boss lady
turn your bottles upside down and your blunts in an upright position
and please remain seated until the flight has come to a complete stop
thanks for flying the friendly skies with your friendly captain snoop d-o-double-g aka the homey”

watch your mouth never speak on what you not know
i'm from the west coast i turn his face into a pothole
15 deep niggas creepin' in the tahoe
let's see you act macho when i pull the burner on ya
sideways like a taco
rap niggas weak, all talk like a raldo
trunk full of cargo
dry like barstow
arsenal run up on 'em
get up on 'em
drill 'em with the clips
niggas gon' respect mine
i run this whole shit
crip rag in my pocket
three eighty on my hip
but back to this hip hop
who next on the list
gangstas don't kiss we get old and die rich
i smoke till i'm sleep
crush these niggas with my fist
your daddy was a coward you's a son of a bitch
so back to the glock with the infra-blue clip
we hit licks and gang bang
you on some t-pain shit
chop the pop and 20 crip
watch the flames hit his whip
then i'm back to the block shit
rock shit, hot shit
hit 'em in the chest
doggy run up in his pockets
misrepresenting sock him in his eye socket
i sat back and let you little niggas make your profits
nonsense, i'm watching, hoes out of pocket
you heard what they say
don't block it till you knock it
you stole my whole style
i'm 'bout to take you fools hostage
brrrah, bhrrrrah


from the looks to the hooks
i'm looking at these new niggas flippin' through my book
there's only one king
is you a pawn or a rook?
i got hand machine guns and soldiers on foot
so beef with me it's none
nigga down south, huh?
i throw a bullet at ya who gon catch it nigga duck
then send them goons at ya
turn your weapons into dust
you against me it's like trying to fight a bus
i'm at the bet awards sitting in disgust
it's still a +g thang+ but yet they wanna be us
they wanna be daz
they wanna be kurupt
cash on delivery money up front
yeah
bubble kush out a purple blunt
who's the best nigga circle one
snoop dogg
i'm large in the streets
my arms and my feets knee deep in the game
i'm the best on the beat
let you little niggas speak
and run for a treat
motherfuckin' geeks
all y'all niggas owe me until you rest in peace
and that's our d.p.g. motherfucka



yeah! aight bigg dogg
it's 'bout that time
you got a cup or bottle or blunt in your hand
follow directions please
let's go!


ugh... the boss in the buildin'
try to turn it on, you get offed in this buildin'
higher than a muh, gettin' lost in the feelin'
motherfuck the law, i got a ball for the children
nigga - drunk than a bitch though
'fore i hit the spot i had a bottle full of cisco
ate the kush and a model in a trenchcoat
a crip with a lot of cash, check on how the wrist roll
baby saw it in my eyes and she knew that i was lookin' at her
ain't a chance to get her, i can m-i-crooked letter
if she with a nigga i'mma steal her, yeah a crook'll have her
throwin' up the e once the d get to cookin' in her (eastside!)
yeah, so what's it gon' be?
golden black joe clark, h.n.i.c
regulatin' on any hatin' i see
something good in your hands then repeat after me


bang to the boogie, keep a thang in my dungarees
bailin' through the eastside, feelin' like a younger g
eatin' like a muh, but i'm so, so hun-g-ry
i dare one of these young dumb fucks to try and fuck with me
fucker, i'm back to the party
marley, bacardi, shawty, gnarly
becky, and vicky beggin' me to give me hickeys
through my dickies


lil' mama tryin' to show the dogg her g-string
while she sang ain't "nuthin' but a 'g' thang"
a nigga throwin' signs tryin' to let me know that he bang
like i give a motherfuck what he claim
ay, your nigga better chill doggy
'fore i treat him like a old bitch and menopause him
i'll stop your ass right there
i swear had homies on your head like hair
homie i ain't thinkin', i'm too busy drinkin'
plumber of the month, mami show me where your sink is
so i can get to uncloggin'
i hope that lil' cat ready for this bigg dogg and woof!


