
i pounded on a farmhouse looking for a place to stay
i was mighty, mighty tired, i'd come a long, long way
i said, “hey, hey, in there, is there anybody home?”
i was standin' on the steps feeling most alone
when out comes a farmer, he must've thought that i was nuts
he immediately looked at me and stuck a gun into my guts


i fell down to my bended knees
saying, “i dig farmers, don’t shoot me, please!”
he cocked his rifle and begin to shout
“are you that travelin' salesman that i have heard about?”
i said, “no! no! no! i’m a doctor and it’s true
i’m a clean-cut kid and i been to college, too”


then in comes his daughter whose name was rita
she looked like she stepped out of la dolce vita
i immediately tried to cool it with her dad
and told him what a nice, pretty farm he had
he said, “what do doctors know about farms, pray tell?”
i said, “i's born at the bottom of a wishing well”


well, by the dirt 'neath my nails, i guess he knew i wouldn’t lie
he said “i guess you’re tired," he said it kind of sly
i said, “yes, ten thousand miles today i drove”
he said, “i got a bed for you underneath the stove
just one condition, you can go to sleep right now
that you don’t touch my daughter and in the morning, milk the cows”


i was sleeping like a rat when i heard something jerkin’
there stood rita looking just like tony perkins
she said, “would you like to take a shower? i’ll show you up to the door”
i said, “oh, no, no, i’ve been through this movie before”
i knew i had to split but i did not know how
when she said “would you like to take that shower now?”


well, i couldn’t leave unless the old man chased me out
because i’d already promised that i’d milk his cows
i had to say somethin' to strike him very weird
so i yelled out “i like fidel castro and his beard”
rita looked offended but she got out of the way
as he came charging down the stairs sayin', “what’s that i heard you say?”


i said, “i like fidel castro, i think you heard me right”
and i ducked as he swung at me with all his might
rita mumbled somethin' 'bout her mother on the hill
as his fist it hit the icebox, he said he’s gonna kill me
if i don’t get out the door in two seconds flat
“you unpatriotic, rotten doctor commie rat”


well, he threw a reader’s digest at my head and i did run
i did a somersault as i seen him get his gun
and crashed through the window at a hundred miles an hour
and landed fully blast in his garden flowers
rita said, “come back!” as he started to load
the sun was coming up and i was running down the road


well, i don’t figure i’ll be back there for a spell
even though rita moved away and got a job in a motel
he still waits for me, constant, on the sly
he wants to turn me in to the f.b.i
me, i romp and stomping, thankful as i romp
without freedom of speech, i might be in the swamp