
the pawnbroker roared
also, so, so did the landlord
the scene was so crazy, wasn’t it?
both were so glad
to watch me destroy what i had
pain sure brings out the best in people, doesn’t it?
why didn’t you just leave me if you didn’t want to stay?
why’d you have to treat me so bad?
did it have to be that way?
now you stand here expectin’ me to remember something’ you forgot to say
yes, and you, i see you’re still with her, well
that’s fine ’cause she’s comin’ on so strange, can’t you tell?
somebody had better explain
she’s got her iron chain
i’d do it, but i, i just can’t remember how
you talk to her
she’s your lover now


i already assumed
that we’re in the felony room
but i ain’t a judge, you don’t have to be nice to me
but please tell that
to your friend in the cowboy hat
you know he keeps on saying’ everything’ twice to me
you know i was straight with you
you know i’ve never tried to change you in any way
you know if you didn’t want to be with me
that you could, didn’t have to stay
now you stand here sayin’ you forgive and forget. honey, what can i say?
yes, you, you just sit around and ask for ashtrays, can’t you reach?
i see you kiss her on the cheek ev’rytime she gives a speech
with her picture books of the pyramid
and her postcards of billy the kid (why must everybody bow?)
you better talk to her ’bout it
you’re her lover now


oh, everybody that cares
is going up the castle stairs
but i’m not up in your castle, honey
it’s true, i just can’t recall
san francisco at all
i can’t even remember el paso, uh, honey
you never had to be faithful
i never wanted you to grieve
oh, why was it so hard for you
if you didn’t want to be with me, just to leave?
now you stand here while your finger’s going’ up my sleeve
an’ you, just what do you do anyway?
ain’t there nothing’ you can say?
she’ll be standing’ on the bar soon
with a fish head and a harpoon
and a fake beard plastered on her brow
you’d better do something quick
she’s your lover now


oh, why must i fall into this sadness?
do i look like charles atlas?
do you think i still got what you still got baby?
my voice is really warm
it's just there, it ain't got no form
but it's just like a dead man's last pistol shot, baby
ah, your mouth used to be so naked
your eyes used to be so blue
your hurts used to be so nameless
and your tears used to be so few
now your mouth cries wolf
while... (what?)