
word up (say what?)
'95 style (yeah)
i got my man jay-z here (jay-z)
check it out now…
check it, check it, check it out now


brothers can beg and borrow, still feel sorrow
when jay, z, like zorro, get in that ass, better luck tomorrow
i'm too much, nigga, so never should you rush
you need slow down or get yo' ass tore down
check it out, i'm too cocky, to stop me you gotta kill me
and when i'm gone, you can still feel me, on the real, b
the shit is eternal, i rock the heavens well
even if they won't let me in heaven, i raise hell
'til it's heaven; recognize, the black cat with the nine lives
get up off me, nigga, it's bad luck to cross me
i'm poppin' crystal, shootin' game like missiles
as projected, all hoes affected by this style
i mack like goldie, go back like the oldie
but the goody, pullin' r&b bitches, wearin' hoodies
they don't be knowin' the way i be flowin'
when i be goin' i be runnin' the track like jesse owens
i disrupt the natural scheme
the way that you do things with a swing
and have 'em rockin' like…
you say never you run, if ever you come
it's never you run so fast in your life to never have won
come on and ride the rhythm, i produce like jizm
just like the gods i start with knowledge
and follow with wisdom
for greater understandin', i'm landin' blows
and knockin' sense into those that oppose me
enticin' when slicin' through tracks
you're screamin': "jesus christ, he's back!"
and god knows he can rap
me and l put rhythm on the map, so give him his dap
and me, i just take mine
gimme those, gimme this, gimme that—fuck that!
you never see me stressed, in a gs
on the prize, my greedy eyes can't see no less
jigga incredible, even my thoughts is federal
like kidnapping, extortion and corruption
so you know, beatin' me will never come
like a nun or tomorrow; i'm too thorough, nigga
i make moves, cause bowels to move
when i'm creepin' through your way
with a thousand little dudes
armed with a piece like islam
i make your eyes rise like yeast
surprise, i feel no fear when facing y'all
bet your lyrics jump off the track like racing cars
emcee's tryin' to be the best
and even in dyin' couldn't be this def
i see no reason to stop cheesin'
ever since l said, "throw three g's in!"
and we can get down and split the wealth
that's when i found i could do it myself, i get up…


yeah, word life (big l, try that mic out!)
yeah, yeah, yeah (back to big l)
(let's get it, back to big l!)
yo, one two, one two, aight?
i'll drop one more joint, aight, check it out
i ain't do this in a while, check it out
one two, one two, check it out
one two, check it


aight, back to my man jay-z
one time
check it out, uh


as soon as i grab it, i eat it up like a savage
and no i don't have it
i get it together like a marriage
i'm seekin' all rappers, i'm on my p's and q's and carrots
y'all don't understand, well
goddamn, don't you know my status?
i'm flowin' the fattest
mmm that is, mmm, i'm the baddest
no need to explain, my name the only thing that matters
for suckers who bite me, they find i'm a bit much to swallow
you're thinkin' that's hollow
the rhythm is too r-rugged to follow
it hit you like bam, biggity bam, bam, biggity bam
let me take a little breath… goddamn
the kid is a wizard
i'm definitely destined to make eight digits
met up with l on the road to riches
as soon as i step up, nah, whenever i'm in the
uh, whatever i touch, whatever i clutch
you know i'm gonna end ya
uh, the nigga don't play, hey, the nigga don't play, hey
hahahhhh, here i come a-g-g-gain, run, up up up in
niggas are du-do-duckin', i'm bo-bo-buckin, fuck it
i'm wild, but a boo boo boo bam
what you niggas gonna do to the man?
i see you brought your little crew… and?
i'm still comin' with velocity
check it out, jid-a, id-a, wid-i, zid-e, uh huh
ain't none of these clowns fuckin' around
ain't none of these clowns standin' their ground
with the crown prince of the underground
sounds like i'm ready to catch wreck now
the heats on sweat now
jay-z's on, be gone to the next town
punk, jump up and get beat down
check it out, check it out, check it out
ladies be comin' out of their seats now
shit, i got crazy skills, it's a pity the way i'm rippin'
rugged rhythm through the city
like dunnanna dunnanna di-di-dun dun ditty
i got rhythm, i hit 'em with rhythm, i
hit 'em and split 'em, i did 'em, i get rid of them guys
j-a, baby, baby please, gimme g's
baby, baby, with crazy ease, watch jay-z get crazy g's