
every day a star is born (and you say new york city! yeah, yeah)
clap for 'em! clap for 'em! clap for 'em! hey
every day a star is born (and you say new york city! uh-huh)
clap for 'em! clap for 'em! clap for 'em! hey


every day, a star is born (and you say new york city!)
clap for 'em! clap for 'em! clap for 'em! hey
every day, a star is born (and you say new york city! uh-huh, jay)
clap for 'em! clap for 'em! clap for 'em! hey


snoop dogged it, nelly came down
the face mob kept it ghetto for the h-town
luda moved digits after he moved bitches
drake's up next, see what he do with it (uh-huh)
rule had a run, couple movie parts
t.i. literally wanted to shoot up the charts
what up, jeezy? what it do?
y’all remind me of us in early '92 (uh-huh)
outkast landed, 3-thou was ill
like a male version of lauryn hill
mobb deep shook it, but prodigy took it
a lil' too far, can't fuck with brooklyn
wu-tang gangbanged it, meth ate
rae took on the date with the purple tape
passed on to ason and then ghostface
they had a hell of a run, standing ovay', ayy

every day, a star is born
clap for 'em! clap for 'em! clap for 'em! hey
every day, a star is born (uh-huh, jay)
clap for 'em! clap for 'em! clap for 'em! hey


and i am one of one
can’t you see just how long my run?
my reign, lulu's son-shine
been a star since i was ducking one-time
one time, give it up for him
december 4th, a star was born
clap for him! he went from moving that corner
to this corner office, it's so enormous
hey!
prez' carter watching her get her monica on all day
hey, got so many different monikers, but only one jay
they come, they go
some real, some faux
some friends, some hoes
but, no, i goes nowhere, this hov'


every day a star is born (and you say new york city!)
clap for 'em! clap for 'em! clap for 'em! hey
every day a star is born (and you say new york city! uh-huh, yeah)
clap for 'em! clap for 'em! clap for 'em! hey

every day, a star is born (and you say new york city!)
yeah, hey, and clap for 'em!
hey, hey, and clap for 'em!
clap for 'em! clap for 'em!
i'm here now! fayettenam
clap for 'em! clap for 'em! ayy (j. cole!)
every day, a star is born