
thank you, thank you, thank you!
you're far too kind


now, can i get a encore? do you want more?
cookin' raw with the brooklyn boy
so for one last time, i need y'all to roar
now, what the hell are you waitin' for?
after me, there shall be no more
so for one last time, nigga, make some noise!


who you know fresher than hov? riddle me that
the rest of y'all know where i'm lyrically at
can't none of y'all mirror me back
yeah, hearin' me rap is like hearin' g rap in his prime
i'm young h-o, rap's grateful dead
back to take over the globe, now break bread
i'm in boeing jets, global express
out the country, but the blueberry still connect
on the low, but the yacht got a triple deck
but when you young, what the fuck you expect? yep, yep
grand openin', grand closin'
goddamn, your man hov cracked the can open again
who you gon' find doper than him?
with no pen, just draw off inspiration
soon you gonna see you can't replace him
with cheap imitations for these generations


now, can i get an encore? do you want more?
cookin' raw with the brooklyn boy
so for one last time, i need y'all to roar
now what the hell are you waitin' for?


look what you made me do! look what i made for you!
knew if i paid my dues, how will they pay you
when you first come in the game, they try to play you
then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you
from marcy to madison square
to the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yeah)
as fate would have it, jay's status appears
to be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye
when i come back like jordan
wearin' the 4-5, it ain't to play games with you
it's to aim at you, probably maim you
if i owe you i'm blowin' you to smithereens
cocksucker, take one for your team!
and i need you to remember one thing (one thing)
i came, i saw, i conquered
from record sales to sold-out concerts
so, motherfucker, if you want this encore
i need you to scream 'til your lungs get sore


ow, it's star time
this man is mean, he's killin' all y'all jive turkeys
do y'all want more of the jigga man?
well, if y'all want more of the jigga man
then i need y'all to help me bring him back to the stage
say "hova!", c'mon, say it!
are y'all out there? (ho-va! ho-va!)
c'mon, louder!
yeah, now see that's what i'm talking about
they love you, jigga! they love you, jigga!


so this here is the victory lap
then i'm leavin', that's how you get me back
after a year of them 16's, it's 1.2
and that's 2.4, and i'm only doin' 2
you want in the game? attention, new dudes
i can get you bet, and trl, too
you want to be in the public, send your budget
well, fuck it, i ain't budgin'
young did it to death, you gotta love it
record companies told me i couldn't cut it
now look at me: all star-studded
golfer above par like i putted
all ‘cause the shit i uttered was utterly ridiculous
how sick is this?
you want to bang, send kanye change
send just some dust, send hip a grip
then you gotta spit, a little somethin' like this


what the hell are you waiting for?