
yeah, uh-huh
uh-huh uh-huh uh... yo!
yi-yea, yeah
yo timbaland, wh-where missy at?
(ha ha, right here dog) geyeah
uh-huh uh-huh uh
uh-huh, yaknahmean? (yeah)
lobster shrimp nigga, i'm a pimp nigga
feel the game that i spit.. lobster shrimp nigga


yeah, c'mon, from the gutter to the rich
from holes in my clothes to the most butter shit
that's life, what a bitch
now i rock ice for the fuck of it
your wife love my shit, know who you fuckin' with? (uh-huh)
jay-hovah, 'fore i never got no play
now these bitches wanna give me more head than sade (ugh!)
(say what?) crisp in the 6 withcha bitch parlayed
i need privacy, i pull up the back shade
initials on the headrest, it's official
style so sick i need bed rest, nigga i got issues (say what?)
i hate fake bitches, "you gotta wait" bitches
"i don't know you, i don't fuck on the first date" bitches (is that right?)
hot shot niggas, talk to the cop niggas (yeah!)
"money, that's my girl," cock-block niggas
see you in the club, and scheme on your watch niggas
talk a lot of shit with no glock niggas
it's jigga baby, let it be known
i'm the king, i could never be dethroned
it's the god!


uh-huh, yeah yeah yeah
uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, yo
is you a pimp nigga? (yes i'm a pimp nigga)
well spit the game nigga (lobster and shrimp, nigga)
yo, ain't nuttin' changed nigga, you know the name jigga
and i came to put it down for y'all, what?


call me, fitty plus, niggas envious
drop top, jigga, leave 'em in the dust
you got a lot of crew, do any of 'em bust?
hell no, jigga off the hook, "hello!"
they call me papi c, this is hot to me
i got this lock and key, i got cities under siege
when i'm in l.a. the six-four is ill
when i'm in the a-t-l it's the coupe deville
when i'm down in miami, i'm hoppin' through
with the all black ninja with the sock over my shoe
mami screamin', "papi chu', who keeps stoppin' you?"
and i'm screamin', "not a cat, mami holla back"
it ain't nothin' but beginners, and y'all in the game
but y'all can't ball like chicago centers
this is it niggas, get your grip niggas
it's about to get hot mami, who you wit? "jigga!"


hear timbo' on the cb, need some info
your chick is with you dawg? gotta be, 10-4
i'm in the 5-speed now so i shift to fo'
mash my foot on the gas 'til it hit the floor
tires left skid marks, whoa
shit's about to start (how we got there?)
snatched the case of crist' up out the car
can you stand the rain 'cause it's pourin' now
i hope she likes porno flicks 'cause she starrin' now!
if the answer is no, she speakin' foreign now
just let a brotha know, i turn my car around
freak or freeze, if the answer really is no
girl i leave so fast you can speak to my breeze
she said, "you're stressin' me now,"
said, "no no no," then, "yea yea yea" like she destiny's child
we about to cook with no recipe now
to the mornin', then; let's be out!

