
yeah, haha, blueprint shit
3 in the morning on the westside highway
top-down baby, fuck y'all
the motivation for me, it's the blueprint baby
is them telling me what i could not be, oh well
hey! uhh, yeah, hey! ohh! hey! hahaha
ay, this a special dedication, thank y'all
hey! i wanna thank you for the fuel, no really thank you
hey! y'all gotta hear this shit!
hey! hehehe, hey!


i felt so inspired by what my teacher said
said i'd either be dead or be a reefer head
not sure if that's how adults should speak to kids
especially when the only thing i did was speak in class
i'll teach his ass, even better's what my uncle did
i pop my demo tape in, start to beat my head
peeked out my eye, see if he was beating his
he might as well say beat it, kid, he's on the list
it's like i'm searching for kicks like a sneakerhead
he gon' keep pushing me until i reach the ledge
and when i reach the ledge i'll tell 'em all to eat a dick
take a leap of faith and let my eagle wings spread
spread, spread


i had to lace up my boots even harder
father is too far away to father
further-more all the kids either smoke reefer
or either move whites, there's few writers in my cipher
so they made light of, my type of
dreams seem dumb, they said wise up
how many guys-a, you see making it from here
the world don't like us, is that not clear? alright, but
i'm different, i can't base what i'm gon' be
off of what everybody isn't, they don't listen
just whispering behind my back
no vision, lack of ambition, so wack!


had a couple of meetings no offers yet
maybe i ain't good enough for these offices
back to the drawing board ducking officers
it's all good 'cause the streets is a&r'ing this
so with or without any of your involvement
we coming for all of this, respect my conglomerate
i went from pauper to the president
'cause every deal i ever made set precedent
niggas probably thought i'd fall without old buddy (hehehe)
oh buddy, what i do is make more money
dear teacher, you're probably somewhere near a speaker
i'm balling outta control, can you hear my sneakers
fuck y'all

