
yeah.. dj clue! a/k/a/, william, m. holla..
with william h. holla
the world's most infamous
the holla family nigga
roc-a-fella records, c'mon
dynasty! new jay-z! beanie sigel!
stick to the script!
we live money over bitches nigga stick to the script
remember where you heard it first.. stupid!
cop, flip, we re-up; get back to the shift
money over bitches nigga stick to the script
dj clue!


yo, they call me william h. (h!) the all-time great (great!)
i fuck the most hoes out of new york state (state!)
i rock my jewels (jewels!) i'm not a fool (fool!)
in the small of my back i got this big-ass tool (ha hah!)
when i'm skatin' through the city and i stop and kick it
be the most asked question - how i got them digits?
i say i stay on my grind, never stop for bitches
never talk like a mime i gotta watch you snitches
and i stick to the script, that's my advice so live
eat nigga, let it stick to your ribs
i seen niggas go from handlin' birds to ramblin' words
to the man, seen a sammy the bull emerge on the stand
and it was all good just a week ago
we lost ty and e, but we still eatin' though
for like a hundred weeks nigga, we gon' run the streets
til we reach malik or the date of e's release
peep hova in a jeep rover, passin' reefer over
to this freak, breathe mami this is good weed mami
three, hommies under the belt, three extra clip
we aim, we shoot; y'all shoot aim, we stick to the script
c'mon!


money over bitches nigga stick to the script
we cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift
money over bitches nigga stick to the script
{*scratch* "you can bullshit with rap if you want, muh'fuckas"}
money over bitches nigga stick to the script
we cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift
money over bitches nigga stick to the script
{*scratch* "you in the streets nigga, make your moves"}
{*scratch* "y'all niggas (geah) truly ain't ready (uh huh) for this dynasty thing"}
yeah, money over bitches nigga
{*scratch* "this philly cat (stick to the script) back, (yo) back at it"}


money over bitches nigga stick to the script
we cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift
money over bitches nigga stick to the script...
money over bitches nigga stick to the script
we cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift
money over bitches nigga stick to the script
y'all get knocked, y'all turn bitch
we get knocked, we never snitch, c'mon