
once the flight had flown, uh-huh
with the wilt of the rose, uh-huh
i slept all alone, uh-huh
you still wouldn't go


let's fast forward to three hundred takeout coffees later
i see your profile and your smile on unsuspecting waiters
you dream of my mouth before it called you a lying traitor
you search in every maiden's bed for somethin' greater, baby


was it over when she laid down on your couch?
was it over when he unbuttoned my blouse?
"come here," i whispered in your ear
in your dream as you passed out, baby
was it over then? and is it over now?


when you lost control, uh-huh
red blood, white snow, uh-huh
blue dress on a boat, uh-huh
your new girl is my clone


and did you think i didn't see you?
there were flashin' lights
at least i had the decency
to keep my nights out of sight
only rumors 'bout my hips and thighs
and my whispered sighs
oh, lord, i think about jumpin'
off of very tall somethings
just to see you come runnin'
and say the one thing i've been wanting, but no


let's fast forward to three hundred awkward blind dates later
if she's got blue eyes, i will surmise that you'll probably date her
you dream of my mouth before it called you a lying traitor
you search in every model's bed for somethin' greater, baby


was it over when she laid down on your couch?
was it over when he unbuttoned my blouse?
"come here," i whispered in your ear
in your dream as you passed out, baby
was it over then? and is it over now?


uh-huh
uh-huh


remember when you hit the brakes too soon?
twenty stitches in the hospital room
when you started crying, baby, i did too
but when the sun came up, i was lookin' at you
remember when we couldn't take the heat?
i walked out, i said, "i'm settin' you free"
but the monsters turned out to be just trees
when the sun came up, you were lookin' at me
you were lookin' at me, oh, you were lookin' at me
i remember, i remember


oh, let's fast forward to three hundred takeout coffees later
i was hopin' you'd be there
and say the one thing
i've been wanting
but no