
this what god feel like, huh, he-yeah
laughin' to the bank like, "a-ha!", huh, he-yeah
flex on swole like, "a-ha!", huh, he-yeah
you feel some type of way, then a-ha!
huh, he-yeah (a-ha-ha, a-ha-ha)


ever since a young man (since a young man)
all i wanna be was a gunman (was a gunman)
shootin’ up the charts, better run, man
y'all gotta see that i won, man
slick as el debarge with the finger waves, work it, jt
handle bars like a fade, watch me work it, jt
i'm at large, runnin’ plays like a circuit, jt
i'm sellin' verses, jt, watch me work it, jt
look, look… hol' up!
don't judge me! my mama caught me with a strap
don't judge me! i was young, fuckin' all the brats
don't judge me! aimin’ at your head for a stack
don’t judge! don't judge me! now my home got a valley peak
don’t judge me! if i press your line you a freak
don't judge me! won't you tell a friend? y'all gon’ see—


this what god feel like, huh, he-yeah
laughin' to the bank like, "a-ha!", huh, he-yeah
flex on swole like, "a-ha!", huh, he-yeah
you feel some type of way, then a-ha!
huh, he-yeah (a-ha-ha, a-ha-ha)


fuck is you talkin' to?
ayy, do you know who you talkin' to?
slide on you like fallen drapes
god toss full of carnivals
i kill 'em with kindness
or i kill 'em with diamonds
or i put up like fifteen hundred
get yo' ass killed by the finest
everything in life is a gamble
nothin' in life i can't handle
seen it all, done it all, felt pain more
for the cause, i done put blood on sword
everything i do is to embrace y'all
everything i write is a damn eight ball
everything i touch is a damn gold mine
everything i say is from an angel


i don't rush shit, fuck shit, always your shit, my shit
cannonballs to ignite shit, morning to the night shift
i'm on, i ain't sorry for it
asked for a piece of mind, you charged me for it
i wanna see sometimes if you ignore it
i'm in the streets sometimes and can't afford it
i got a bad habit, levitatin', duckin' haters
oh my! my heart is rich, my heart is famous


this what god feel like
huh, he-yeah (this what god feel like)
laughin' to the bank like, "a-ha!"
(this what god feel like)
huh, he-yeah (this what god feel like)
flex on swole like, "a-ha!"
(this what god feel like)
huh, he-yeah (this what god feel like)
you feel some type of way, then a-ha!
(this what god feel like)
huh, he-yeah (this what god feel like)
this what god feel like