
i got a story to tell, you know that i cherish these
hope it ain't too many feelings involved


ah, every day she wake up with a different color makeup and a promise he gone take her to the movie and the mall
chillin' with the laker, on the floor, fourth quarter, four minute on the clock, black mamba with the ball
paparazzi lookin' at 'em both poppin' up and take a picture, uh, probably on a internet blog
in a minute, he gon' be admittin' that he love her on his mother, man, he want to meet her mother by tomorrow
pussy good enough, it got him sinnin' in the walls
and he diggin' in it like he livin' in it, make a new religion with it, man a nigga 'bout to go against god
poetry in the pear trees, sweet tone like a hummingbird when she asked him
did he want to make love in a yellow taxi? never gave two fucks, jumped in the backseat
woke up in the morning to the great gatsby, then he dogged it again like the bitch lassie
i'm a dog in the wind, i'm a pit laughing, i'ma call up again like i did last week
make good with the friend and i'm all jazzy, britney with the twin and the girl ashley
found out that i fucked, he was unhappy, bitch, i never let the bullshit get past me
better yet, i wanna break up, don't you ask me 'bout no motherfuckin' double-standard, acting
fucking on another nigga, that's a negative alone, but you sucked his dick, that's just nasty
matter of fact, bitch, gimme your phone! (no) you fuckin' with wayne's? (no!)
bitch, gimme your phone! (no! let me, let me take this call real quick) (… lick me like a lollipop)
he on your fuckin' ringtone? is that the shit that you do? touchin' yourself, lookin' at kendrick videos
jump on the internet, watchin' his interviews, i don't know what the fuck lately got into you
tell me who love you, i bet i love harder, forgot all the shit that i did for your daughter?
the pampers, the pedialyte and my momma, daycare after school and she never did charge you
you scandalous as fuck and i hope you blow up, you know what, i give up, let me go get my gun
i got one in the chamber i'm plannin' on aimin', goddammit, you know that the damage is done
bitch, i'm emotional 'cause i'm in stress, i'm not supposed to go through this, i guess
so in conclusion, since you like rappers that's killin' that pussy, i'm killin' myself

