
nah, fuck you, nigga (fuck you, bitch)
oh, wow, okay
you got me fucked up
fuck you, fuck you


i swear, i'm tired of these emotional-ass, ungrateful-ass bitches (shut the fuck up)
unstable-ass, confrontational-ass dumb bitches
you wanna bring a nigga down, even when i'm tryna do right
we could go our separate ways right now, you could move on with your life (i swear to god)
fuck you, nigga, you love a pity party, i won't show up
always act like your shit don't stink, motherfucker, grow up (man, fuck you)
forever late for shit, won't buy shit, sit around and deny shit (man)
fuck around on a side bitch, then come fuckin' up my shit
what? fuckin' up yo' shit? you must be bleedin' and some more shit
bitch, i don't know shit, fuck yo' feelings, you on some ho shit
see, i don't know why you likе playin' mind games with me (mind games, man)
bitch, i ain't slow nor ditsy, i know whеn you bein' distant (come on, dawg)
i know when you fake busy get out yo' feelings and miss me with that reverse psychology
man, bitch, you trippin', who got you that rollie chain?
and who put that car in my name?
what you think? i'ma kiss yo' ass?
nah, nigga, you fuckin' lame


you know what? fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga)
nah, fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you, nigga)
fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you, nigga)
nah, fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga)
fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga)
fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you)
fuck you (fuck you)
fuck you, nigga
fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you)


wastin' my time and energy tryna be good to you
lost friends, family, gained more enemies 'cause of you
bitches starin' at me in zara, hoes scratchin' my cars up
shoulda followed my mind in '09 and just moved to georgia
oh, what, that's my fault now? bitch, you power trippin' or guilt trippin'? (okay)
i held your ass down
you just kept me down, that's a big difference
stressin' myself tryna figure why i'm not good enough
goin' to church, prayin' for you, searchin' for good in us
lil' dick-ass nigga that's tryna go big
but you was suckin' this dick though
well, shit, i shoulda sucked his
what you say?
i shoulda found a bigger dick, bitch, get the fuck out my face
oh, what, you mad?
shut up, bitch, you got me fucked up today, on god
ah-ha, you mad, lil' feelings is shot
go text that raggedy bitch and tell her you all that she got
man, what bitch?
let her know you packin' yo' shit and gotta move by the first
man, give me these fuckin' keys
give me my keys, i'ma be late for work
fuck yo' job, today gon' be the day you walk to that bitch
give me my fuckin' keys
nah, i like you parked in that bitch
give me my keys, bro
on god, you ain't gettin' these keys
give me my fucking keys
ah, now you mad at me, i got you hollerin' for nothin'
i do the same when we fuckin'
act like that pussy ain't loose
i'd rather act like i'm cummin'
i'd rather fuck off the juice
i'd rather fuck on your cousin
bitch, you said you gon' fuck who?
you heard me, nigga, it's nothing (alright)


you know what? fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga)
fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you nigga)
no, fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you, nigga)
fuck you, bitch (fuck you, i'm sick of this nigga)
fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you), fuck you
fuck you, bi— (fuck you)
fuck you, bitch, stupid-ass bitch


i don't even know why i fuck with you
i'll be damned if i stuck with you
changed my number, i'm duckin' you, bitch
bitch, whatever is comfortable
shit, this the type of shit couples do?
shoulda thought about cuffin' you, bitch
nigga, you dirty and you broke
ho, you goofy and gullible, fuck you talkin' 'bout?
mm, the insecurities you got, won't mind-fuck me
womanizer, got no affection from yo' mama, i see
don't speak on my mama, the fuck is yo' problem?
that bitch don't like me anyways
bitch, she gave you the honda, fuck
and used that shit to throw it in my face (man, hol' on, bro)
find it funny you just can't apologize (this bitch, dawg)
egotistic, narcissistic, love your own lies (bro)
see, you the reason why strong women fucked up
why they say it's a man's world, see, you the reason for trump
(you crying, bro?)
you the reason, we overlooked, underpaid, under-booked, under shame
if you look, i don't speak, then i'm called on my name (hah...)
i am flawed, i am pained, never yours, i remained (come on, bro)
you the reason bitches start fuckin' with bitches when they change
you the reason bitches start callin' y'all bitches 'cause y'all useless
you the reason harvey weinstein had to see his conclusion
you the reason r. kelly can't recognize that he's abusive
man, shut the fuck up, we all know you still playin' his music
said i'm tired of these emotional-ass, ungrateful-ass bitches
fake innocent, fake feminist, stop pretendin'
y'all sentiments ain't realer than what you defendin'
(here he go, shut the fuck up)
it's a split decision, broads like you and real victims (look at you, look at you)
let's talk the truth (okay), women in general just can't get along (explain, nigga)
hmm, when tash got a man, you didn't pick up the phone (explain, nigga)
uh-uh, when nate got a job, you said you stayin' home (explain)
oh, why r&b bitches don't feature on each other songs then?
what the fuck is you talkin' 'bout?
never mind, bitch, i'm walkin' out
whatever, nigga, i'm off you now
yo' evil ass kept me well in doubt
pussy nigga, best watch your mouth
pussy and mouth is all you got
lay this pussy back on the couch
doggie style, then you get on top


fuck me, nigga (i'ma fuck you, bitch)
nah, fuck me, nigga, fuck me (i'ma fuck you, bitch)
nah, fuck you, fuck me (you playin' man)
fuck me
nah, you playin'

