
o trice is back about his mission
know i've be missing and the listeners bitchin'
hearing the same shit these mcs pitching
divine intervention couldn't fix your condition
you witnessing lyricism, visual pics attached to the shit that i spit, i live for the event
these characters charismatic nada, i air 'em out hotter
bet your bottom dollar i'll father ya
used my son, using this tools for pun
i punish ya, catch ya jumping the gun
it could get yucky yucky, or messy mess
sticking out your chest on record about the best
obey my area, ok i bury ya
what career's left or fade, it won't carry ya
rhyme or test me, i'll show you o's retarded
give a ball i started to leave a nigga departed
o trice is nice, he's an artist
flipping them oranges to choruses
from the corner of quarantine, come a team
to performances, how enormous is this
a young black male that sell to those pale
still excel when in sentences as well
reinventing for wealth, fuck sitting on the shelf
get money to my home, it's prison in itself
for me to go elsewhere, why should i? i'm felt here
you boys know better, i hold the belt
o is the rap game's floyd mayweather
little but big, the hood in the kid, this is good as it gets
who would've dig he do what he did to get em them hits
get in the ditch just to get him rich, dig this
my distinction is lyrics
and you just an inkling from a man hit
please get the man a mirror, let him face himself
how can i put it clearer when clarity is the only way that obie delivers?
por favor niggas
sipping ??? reevaluate business
i'm inches from killing a rap game, it's senseless
the energy do's it, its the 90's influence
in the millennium, you find me running through shit
the gun with two clips for a bum that wanna proof his
masculinity, this is massive injury
obie is far from just raps on beats
born to the streets with a soar perfumes that
told back then i was manure
but a nigga manoeuvre and mechanism took amount of reckless living
now we gives back to that community its wreck was giving
rest i know, still a best for show with my fo fo fo, fo fo fo
you know how that go, solo, in the cool things, rims
wood cranes, diamond, blood and ham
d i a  m o n d   o b i e   t r i c e
alchemist lace me, motherfuckers, i'm back
second round's on me, order some yet?


yeah
niggas don't speak my name man
even... they don't even give you
give you the... um, whats the word i'm looking for?
give you the... gratification, ha ha
shady records, shady aftermath
dr. dre, eminem, d12, 50 cent, g-unit, stat quo
obie trice, motherfuckers! yeah
alchemist!