
obie, yo
i'm sick
damn, you straight, dog?


that's why i ain't got no time (i think i got chlamydia)
for these games and stupid tricks
or these bitches (bitch!) on my dick
that's how dudes be gettin' sick (that bitch!)
that's how dicks be gettin' drips
fallin' victims to this shit
from these bitches on our dicks
fuckin' chickens with no ribs
that's why i ain't got no time


yo, i woke up, fucked up off the liquor i drunk (damn!)
i had a bag of the skunk, won in last night's tunk
pussy residue was on my penis, denise from the cleaner's
fucked me good, you shoulda seen this
big booty bitch, switch unbearable (shit!)
french roll stylin', body like a stallion
sizin' up the figure, while my shit gettin' bigger
debatin' on a fuck or do i wanna be her nigga?
caressin' this bitch, plus i'm checkin' out them tits (damn!)
sippin' on that fine shit, i ain't used to buyin'
i gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory
like takin' hoes' money, but that's another story
for surely pussy on toast, after we toast
her clothes fell like bishop in juice (c'mere)
the womb beater, clean pussy eater, insertin' my jock
in that spot hotter than the hottest block
"don't stop!"—response i got when i was knockin' it
clock's steady tickin', kinky finger-lickin'
and can on, semen's at my tip when she moans
i gotta slow down before i cum soon
and work that nigga like a slave owner (yeah)
when i dropped off my outfit, she knew i wanted to bone her
she foamin' at them lips, the ones between the hips
pubic hair's lookin' like some sour cream dip
without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though
pussy tighter than conditions of us black folks
we in the final stretch (c'mere), the last part of sex
i bust a fat-ass nut, then i woke up next (holy)
like, what the fuck is goin' on here? (shit!) this bitch evaporated
pussy and all just picked up and vacated
and now i'm frustrated, 'cause my dick was unprotected (damn!)
and doctor wesley tellin' me i really got that shit (fuck!)


i'm busy, yeah, fuck these bitches!
fuck 'em all!
get money, shady records
ha, whoa!
obie trice! eminem, motherfucker!
new millennium shit, yeah
turn this shit off, man
turn this shit the fuck—