
konvict (yea! shady!)
konvict muzik (guess who's back?)
still here, haters
akon and obie trice, yeah
whatcha gonna do it with it, a?
whatcha gonna do?
take 'em all back to the streets


it's risky, the bitch tend to rise out a nigga
it's history, snitch, who decided he's a member?
once he got pinched, coincided with law
same homie say he lay it down for the bul
brought game squad around ours
how could it be? been homies since superman drawers
only phoniness never came to par
he had us, a true neighborhood actor
had his back with k's, now we see through him like x-ray's
cuffed in that adam car
no matter, his loss, we at him, it's war
knowin' not to cross those reservoir dogs
you helped plant seeds just to be a vegetable?
when we invest in team, it's to the death for sho'
no x and o's
tec's, calico's aimed at your chest, nigga


we started out as a crew, when one speak it's all honest
private conferences when we eat, benihana's
reconnaissance when we peep enemies on us
been on these corners, sellin' like anything on us
knowin' heaven has shown us bein' devil's minors
but that ain't got shit to do with the tea in china
we gon' keep the grind up 'til death come find us
meantime leanin' in them european whips reclined up
it's eye for an eye for the riders
we ain't tryin' to get locked up, we sole survivors
po-po's is cowards, it's no you, it's ours
we vowed this, mixin' yayo with soda powder
who woulda known he would fold and cower?
once the captain showed he sold to old mcdonald
so it's no x and o's
tec's, calico's aimed at your chest, nigga


nowadays, sammy the bull's got the game fooled
so he move to a rural area to keep cool
they snitchin' on a snitch now, it's nothin' to tell
nowadays your circle should be small as hell
ain't tryin' to meet new faces, this don't interest me
even if we bubble slow we'll get it eventually
no penitentiary, there'll be no clemency
you will meet the lord, snitch, in givin' us a century
these cats is rats now, the streets need d-con
that's how they react now, weak when the heat's on 'em
stop snitchin', you asked for the life you're livin'
this act is not permitted nowhere on the map
it is forbidden to send a nigga to prison
if you been in it along with 'em, then snitch and become hidden
so it's no x and o's
tec's, calico's aimed at your chest, nigga


you rat bastard!