
"once upon a time, in the black part of the city"
yo g, yo g you better get out of here man, 5-0
yo, ice cube, man
whassup man?
why you...
whassup?
yo ice cube man, why you always kickin the shit about the bitches and the niggas?
why don't you kick some shit about the kids, man? the fuckin kids!
word


little boys and girls, they all love me
come sit on the lap of i-c-e
and let me tell ya a story or two
about a punk-ass nigga i knew
named jack, he wasn't that nimble, wasn't that quick
jumped over the candlestick and burnt his dick
ran up the street 'cause he was piping hot
met a bitch named jill on the bus stop
dropped a line or two, and he had the ho
at that type of shit he's a pro
so jack and jill ran up the hill to catch a little nap
dumb bitch, gave him the claps
then he had to go see dr. bombay
got a shot in the ass, and he was on his way
to make some money, why not?
down on sesame street, the dope spot
there he saw the lady who lived in a shoe
sold dope out the front, by the back marijuana grew
for the man that was really important
who lived down the street inna air jordan
ride to the fellow mister rogers the hoes
drove a 500 sittin' on lorenzoes
he broke out, little bo peep, smoked out
saw, her and her friends sellin' sheepskins
yo, yo i got them sheepskins
yo, i got em sheepskins
yo baby, what's up with that?
you want the sheepskins or not?
hickory dickory dock, it was twelve o'clock
cinderella ain't home must be givin' up the cock
i don't doubt it, she is kind of freaky of course
had a fight with snow white, she was fuckin' her dwarfs
saw a fight over colors, too
red riding hood, and little boy blue
a bad influence? yo i don't know
but ice cube'll tell the kids how the story should go


humpty dumpty sat on a wall
with a joint, drinkin' some 8-ball
three little pigs in a coup de ville
lookin' for, the wolf to kill
they're fucked up and they want revenge
them and humpty used to be friends
now they're enemies cause he's a traitor
pulled out the uzi cruised by and sprayed him
cinderella hoeing for the fellas
and mister rogers is gettin' mighty jealous
off the cash that the pigs were makin'
time for the pigs to get turned to bacon
'cause mister rogers found out quick
that humpty dumpty was blown to bits
they said that the motherfuckin' wolf was next
so mister rogers better watch his step
so he let the wolf know
we're gonna fuck up the pigs, and take they hoe
cause cinderella is much too fast
before twelve, givin' up ass
double barrels all loaded and cocked
as soon as they show, they gonna get popped
they bailed down sesame street and caught em
little boy blue is up front givin' orders
little did they know cinderella was a fink
she called the cops and got thrown in the clink
a bad influence? yo, i don't know
but ice cube'll tell the kids how the stories should go


ayo man, was that dope enough for you?
yeah you aight, you in the house
we outta here, see-ya!
yeah, you better go home before i whoop your little bad ass!

