
why oh why must you swoop through the hood
like everybody from the hood is up to no good?
you think all the girls around here are trickin'
up there lookin' like superchicken
at night i see your light through my bedroom window
but i ain't got shit but the pad and pencil
i can't wait 'til i hear you say
"i'm going down, mayday, mayday." i'm gonna clown
'cause every time that the pigs have got me
y'all rub it in with the flying nazi
military force, but we don't want ya
standin' on my roof with the rocket launcher
"so fly like an eagle"
but don't follow us wherever we go
the shit that i'm saying, make sure it's heard
motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird


"run, run, run, from the ghetto bird"
"run, run, run, from the ghetto bird"


now, my homies hit a lick on a trick for a rolex
and let me drive the '4 next
now the '4 i was driving is hotter than july
looked up and didn't see a ribbon in the sky
saw a chopper with numbers on the bottom
"calling all cars, i think we've got em."
i hit the gas and i mashed past inglewood
i think i drove through every single hood
south central, compton, and watts
long beach, bust a u, here come the cops
wish i had a genie with about three wishes
metal flake green on d's, i look suspicious
you know that i'm running
shit, i hear it humming
fuck, i see it coming
is it a bird? yep
is it a plane? no
i hit me a right on el segundo
wanted to holla, had to ditch the impala
let's see if they would follow
me, hit a fence, hit a fence, and another
met me a baby pitbull and his mother
ran up in some people's house and looked out of the window
i wish it was my kinfolk
had to pull a strap on a fool named louis the third
'cause i'm getting chased by the ghetto bird


"just put his hat, uh
he combed his hair and then put his hat back on
so, he's acting nonchalant up there in that cockpit, going 115 miles an hour."
a nigga's getting chased by the ghetto bird
"with the police chasing him
they're not gonna be real happy when they catch up with him, no matter what the speed would be
they hate, they hate a big mouth even worse."


officer bird's on his way and i don't wanna see him
could you please give me the keys to the b.m.?
see, i didn't wanna gank you
but don't make me bank you, thank you
tried to get to the hood, and you might guess
that a fool like me done shot cyrus
incognito, ghetto eagle
saying, "fuck, where did he go?"
i bust me a left on ruth ellen
park the 7-35 and i'm bailin'
went to my homegirl's house and got a hug, man
she helped me run like harriet tubman
looked out the window by the black bed
i saw the pigs and the '4 on a flatbed
then the light from the bird hit me in the face
i closed the blinds cause i didn't wanna catch a case
all that night, i heard the bird circle
while i was eating fish and watching urkel
she said i could sleep on the couch
by 2 a.m. i was digging her out
fuck the ghetto bird


motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird
motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird