
yo, i'm tryna be the
man of the day, three-six-five a year
see, the bullshit you sayin', skam ain't tryna hear (fuck that!)
bustin' lyrics in the air, keepin' some up in the chamber
(yo skam, what the fuck you doin'?) man, i'm releasin' anger!
i'm tryna be the illest of the day, three-six-five a year
so that bullshit you sayin', shady ain't tryna hear (uh-uh)
spittin' lyrics in your ear, keepin' some up in the chamber
ayo shady, what the fuck you doin'? (i'm releasin' anger!)

man
i'm tired of bein' tired, every time i wake up
tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein' late for the bus (hey, wait up)
tired of all be blendin', and endin' up datin' sluts
so my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up! (shut the fuck up)
to the pretty ass rappers, that ain't shit without make-up
wake up gold-diggin' bitches, the buck stops here
the road to riches is closed for repairs
if the shoe ain't fittin', girl, leave that shit alone
you ain't erykah badu, what i look like, tyrone?
i rip a tissue out your ear, spittin' like i don't care
my hair look like i ain't comb this shit in damn near a year
side burn zig-zag, i leave the next man with his heels up
brain dead to be reincarnated at a speed bump
when we done we skate hard, so you don't land shit
suck skam's dick, gargle with a dead man's spit (hahaha)
yo, that's it, i don't plan shit, you know how it go down
they need to slow down, and take a look who the ho now
at every industry party, gettin' so damn drunk
can't remember the last ass you kissed, or dick you sucked
remind me of my ex, industry got me vexed
try roll up on miami, leave with a broke neck
oh shit, lethal lyric equal landmine
i be stackin' up white rappers like i'm throwin' gang signs
and i'm buck wild, exposin' the plain truth
you couldn't mess with me, fuckin' shit up in the same room
hey you, i don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar
for this bad karma that go along with the breath
some sort of mad bomber, and steal the show like a theft
'cause in miami, the baby jammin' like three up in the chamber
(yo, skam, what the fuck you doin'?) man


yo, i'm tryna be the
man of the day, three-six-five a year
see, the bullshit you sayin', skam ain't tryna hear (fuck that!)
bustin' lyrics in the air, keepin' some up in the chamber
(so what the fuck you doin', then?) man, i'm releasin' anger!
i'm tryna be the illest of the day, three-six-five a year
so that bullshit you sayin', shady ain't tryna hear (uh-uh)
spittin' lyrics in your ear, keepin' some up in the chamber
ayo slim, what the fuck you doin'? (dawg, i'm releasin' anger!)


some people say i'm strange, i tell 'em ain't shit changed
i'm still the same lame asshole with a different name (mhm)
who came late to the last show with a different dame
brain ate from the last o' that i sniffed of 'caine
you know you're spaced the fuck out like george lucas
when your puke is turnin' to yellowish-orange mucus
so when i grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
i'm not a rapper, i'm a demon who speaks english
a freak genius, too extreme for the weak and squeamish
burn you alive 'til you screamin' to be extinguished (ah, put me out, put me out!)
'cause when i drop the science, motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence
start a fire and block the hydrants
i'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
so when slim gets this m-16 burstin'
you gettin' spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin'
on the b-side of my first single with the clean version
stoppin' your short life when you still a teen virgin
unless you get a kidney specialist and a spleen surgeon
in the best hospital possible for emergency surgery
to try to stop the blood from your ruptured sternum internally
i'll take it back before we knew each other's name
run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mother's frame
i'll take it further back than that, back to lovers' lane
to the night you was thought up and cock-block your father's game (what up, dawg)
i'll plead the fifth like my jaws were muzzled
so suck my dick while i take a shit and do this crossword puzzle (um)
and when i'm down with ten seconds left in the whole bout
i'ma throw a head-butt so hard, i knock us both out
(you got knocked the fuck out, hahaha)


yo, i'm tryna be the
man of the day, three-six-five a year
see, the bullshit you sayin', skam ain't tryna hear (fuck that!)
bustin' lyrics in the air, keepin' some up in the chamber
(yo skam, what the fuck you doin'?) man, i'm releasin' anger!
i'm tryna be the illest of the day, three-six-five a year (that's right)
so that bullshit you sayin', shady ain't tryna hear (uh-uh)
(shut the fuck up!) spittin' lyrics in your ear, keepin' some up in the chamber
ayo em, what the fuck you doin'? (man, i'm releasin' anger!)