
yeah (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
what? (uh) what? (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
dre, you ready? (woo, woo, woo, woo)
c'mon (yo, we gotta kill ‘em with this one!)
alright (check, check, check, check, check)
get 'em!

yes, i, yes, i, yes, i ride 'til i die
give a fuck if you bitches die
put a motherfucking hole in your face
back up, bitch, don't even try
i am that motherfucker, been the coldest
why you on that? no one know us
overdosed on what dope is (yeah)
hip-hop shit sell better than the coke did


like a satanic cult, it's
an old ritual slaughtering goats, bitch (goats, bitch, yeah)
you're fucking with the original, flow's sick
and anybody can get it—covid (fuck with that?)
i done wrote shit that was so sharp
i could slit my own fucking throat with it
so rich, i got more chips than my shoulders
and i'm about as approachable as a roach is (roach is)
yeah, so better steer clear from him
and here comes a nuclear bomb for your eardrums
lyricism at its most fearsome and fierce
we're on another tier like a tear duct's upper echelon (yeah)
your career sucked (meaning what?), it was sheer luck (like what?)
like a fuckin' leprechaun with his beard cut
(you're the) punisher, weapon drawn with a beer gut (haha)
you're slower than a decepticon with its gear stuck
(and i what?) i serial kill, and you're kellogg's (what?)
i love checks and i hate tricks
and you're a fake bitch (bitch)
i could spot you like you 'bout to weight lift (yeah)
bitch, i'm badder than cake mix
(but i) can't be whipped with egg beaters (nah)
you cunts must be out of your labias
and god's my alias, so if i don't have faith in me
then it basically makes me an atheist (woo!)
nate diaz got the world by the tracheas
in a chokehold and a sleeper (*snores*)
yeah, and me and dre are like dog hair (woof)
we're both in our lab coats like retrievers (grrr)
but like a doberman, i'm a whole different breed of (what?)
animal mutt mixed with a overachiever (yeah)
oh, you're the king of rap? you're 'bout to be overthrown
like a pass over the head of an open receiver
this shit could end up comin' to blows like a wiener (haha)
but i ain't finished puttin' these hoes through the wringer (nah)
like clothes in between the two rollers, and– wait, no
what i mean is flows interwoven, i treat 'em like thread (why?)
that's how i wound up sewin' machine up
so, fucks, if you don't give up me the
time to ride or die, 'cause you're either both or you're neither (yeah, yeah)
throw a middle finger up if you're rollin', but, me, i'm gonna— (yeah, yeah)

