
here's the story
of a little boy
growin' up in a suburban home
tryna cope with everyday life
who lives in a little house
that was built in the middle of the street 
"hey, mom! 2pac's on the jukebox"
"so what, he shot two cops and raped a little girl while two dudes watched"
"nuh-uh! they were tryna frame him"
"you and that tupack shaker..."
"no! that ain't how you say his name, mom!
you're so lame, don't you know anything?"
"yeah! i know that you'll probably go and join in a gang,"
"yeah, right. i'm out. where's my fuckin' walkman at?"
"stop cussin' at me!" "shut up, bitch!" "and quit talkin' black!"
well, slammed the door and i'm out
now, what? it's probably warm in the house
fuck, i forgot my jacket, forgot it was winter
i'm gettin' thinner, i'm hungry, is mom cookin' dinner?
"mom! let me back in! i forgot my coat
mom, come on, i'm not playin', it's cold!
alright, sorry, i need a jacket
mom, look, my 2pac tape, i just cracked it
ma, please let me back in
it is tupack shaker, i just asked him"
i'm freezin', (achoo) i'm sneezin'
i'm breathin' too much cold air, i'm wheezin'
"i ain't did nothin', i didn't say 'i'm leavin'"
i said "i'm goin' on the front porch to get somethin'" (*snipping sounds*)
"alright, here take your damn coat and leave,"
"fine, i'll leave— mom, you cut off the sleeves!"


our house, in the middle of the street
our house, in the middle of the street
our house, in the middle of the street
our house (one, two, three), in the middle of the


my teacher's two-faced, he went to lower all my school grades 
our house, in the middle of the street
our house, in the middle of the street
our house, in the middle of the street
our house (yo), in the middle of the


my brother's incoherent, mom's a single parent
who ain't carin', starin' through me like i'm transparent
made it clear that i was just there to run her errands
told her friends that i was a son from her last marriage
sent me up to the corner store with a little note
"please, sell my stepson some cigarettes so i can smoke"
one time i tried to fake sick to get attention
backfired, mom sent me to school with a vengeance
my life's the worst thing that could ever happen to me
i go to class and every teacher's always laughin' at me
and mom says white rappers get laughed at
not only that, she heard me upstairs, i can't rap
and i'm stupid, i'll never make it averaging a d+
i need to sit on my ass and sue people like she does
one time, i got food poisonin' from a hot dog
mom sued and got $2,000 from ball park
"hey, ma. you got a dollar?" "i don't think so
now keep an eye on your brother, i'm goin' to bingo."
"but, mom, you said you were broke." "who said?
you got your ears messed up from that damn rap music."
