
yeah!
come on! come on! atl!
yeah, haha! woo!
if you feel like you've been touched, by our music that is


nowadays, everybody just wanna poke they nose
up in our business, what is this, some kind of joke?
man, everywhere i go, all i'm hearin' is mo' talk
"what's up with jada and fat joe? doin' a song with ol' boy on the song new york?
man, i thought you just went and did a song with 'em both?
man, the streets wanna know how you gonna go and diss michael?
you should get your ghetto pass revoked"
i ain't never had no ghetto pass, you asshole, you really wanna know
when i did live in the ghetto, i kept a trespassing charge up at the railroad tracks
so i suggest you get your facts straight 'fore you go, this assuming to know
i ain't grow up in no trailer park just cause i was poor
man, this is my testimo-ny, now those that don't know
me or feel like they do and feel to feel compelled to go and speak on me too
so, this dick goes to you and this dick goes to you
and if you feel like you want it, then you can get it too
and when you're through, pass it to the person next to you
ayo, stat, get on the mic and come and spit a few


if you open your ears long enough to listen you may hear what you been missin' out all of this time
i been put in position to put all this in position so quit your bitchin', learn how to rhyme, get signed and get your shine


it's like this and like that and uh
welcome to statlanta
shady/aftermath and uh
a brand new rapper from atlanta who goes by the name of stat quo
introducin' our new excuse to keep producin', continue to do music, use it and expand it and make rap grow
the hottest new shit on a planet on a new plateau
but don't confuse it, you don't understand it, let me break it down for you to show you how we do shit so that you cats know
this is statlanta 101 cause we don't want no one walkin' out this motherfucker with tunnel vision
so, anyone with questions you want answered just ask 'em, we'll try to unmask 'em and maybe explain why so few cats blow
just spit the truth when you get in this booth and do that, though
that there boy, he hot to death, you already knew that, though
is he the greatest from the atl? we got haters all day to debate us
so we'll just say this: he's one you wouldn't want to tackle

