
yeah!
oh!
get up! (where my trash at?)
i said, “get up!” (you know what happens when i'm around, man)
woo! let's go
better watch out now 'cause here we come
and we ain't stoppin', until we see the morning sun
so give us room to do our thing
'cause we ain't come to hurt no one
so e'rybody come and get up on the floor now and grab someone


man, first of all i'm a boss, i just want to get that across
man, even my dentist hates when i floss
pull up to the club in a pinto like it's a porsche
garbage bag for one of the windows
spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em
michigan plates, and my name's on 'em
baby, shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him
but he ain't stupid, so quit tryna run them games on him
he's immune to cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him?
'cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
now climb in back, try not to kick over the gas can
there's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
we have of just gettin' home, now can i get that lap dance?!
she's got a tattoo of me right above her ass, man
in the streets of warren, michigan, we call 'em 'tramp stamps'
that means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps down
and show this hussy who's the man — now get amped, dance!


now, you can do this on your own
but everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
so get on the floor and grab somebody
ain't nothin' but a white trash party! (white trash party!)
so, let's have us a little bash
and if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash
you don't know? you better ask somebody!
'cause we're havin' a white trash party! (white trash party!)


pull a fifth of bacardi from out of my underwear
and walk around the party without a care
like a body without a head
lookin' like a zombie from night of the living dead
and tomorrow, i'll probably still be too high to get out of bed
'til i feel like i been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
mixin' hennessy and fanta with pepto and mylanta (woo!)
i shoot the gift like i'm hollerin', “die, santa!”
missed the tree, and hit rudolph and two innocent bystanders (yeah!)
so quit tryna play the wall like you paul and
get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
they call me the stephon marbury of rap, darlin'
'cause as soon as they throw on some r. kelly, i start ballin'
makin' it rain for the ladies in the mini's
but i'm not throwin' 1's, 5's, 10's or even 20's
i'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies
man, i do this for them bunnies up at denny's
from the north, east and west—
but when it comes to them trailers in them south-parks
muffle it, 'cause, homie, that hood's tighter than kenny's
so ladies, if your belly button's not an innie, then i'm outtie
now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy, come on!


now, you can do this on your own
but everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
so get on the floor and grab somebody!
ain't nothin' but a white trash party! (white trash party!)
so let's have us a little bash
and if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash
you don't know? you better ask somebody!
'cause we're havin' a white trash party! (white trash party!)


now, whether you're black, white, or purple
if you're misunderstood
but you don't give a fuck, you ain't doin' shit that you should
long as you know you're up to evil, and you're no damn good
get on the floor, man, and rep your hood


now, honey, don't let them pricks trip
we should make a quick dip
and go do some doughnuts in the hospital parking lot
'cause, girl, i got a sick whip
kick the back window out of my gremlin
put two milk crates in the trunk, rip out the stick shift
and make a 5-seater, i'll be damned if i feed a chick
it ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita
i be the s-l-to-the-i-m to the s-h-a-d-y
and i don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
i'll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside down
'fore i turn over a new leaf, clown
i'll tell you now, i'm so raw, i still need to unthaw
you feel me, y'all? i shut the club down like drake in the mall
but, baby, a body like that's against the law
you the baddest little chain with the blades i ever saw
coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
you got more junk in your trunk than i do in my car
now get up!


now, you can do this on your own
but everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
so get on the floor and grab somebody!
ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
so let's have us a little bash
and if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash
you don't know? you better ask somebody!
'cause we're havin' a white trash party! (white trash party!)