
hit this motherfucker, g
no, naw, man, i can't fuck with that
aw, man, i been dealin' with you for three motherfuckin' months, you ain't hit the pipe in front of me yet!
so, what you sayin'?
i think you 5-0!
5-0? man, i ain't no motherfuckin' cop!
well, hit this motherfucker then
(lights pipe)


tonight's the night i get in some shit (yeah)
deep cover, on the incognito tip
killin' motherfuckers if i have to, peelin' caps, too
let your niggas know i'm comin' at you
i guess that's part of the game
but i feel for the nigga who think he just gonna come and change things with the swiftness
so get it right with the quickness
and let me handle my business, yo
i'm on a mission, and my mission won't stop
until i get the nigga maxin' at the top
i hope you get his ass 'fore he drop
kingpin, kickin' back while his workers slang his rocks
comin' up like a fat rat
big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back
so it's difficult to get him
but i got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact with him
hit him like this and like that
let him know that i'm lookin' for a big, fat dope sack
with ends to spend, so let's rush it
if you want to handle it tonight, we'll discuss it
on a nigga's time, and a nigga's place
take my strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face
'cause he's a sheisty motherfucker
but i gives a fuck, 'cause i'm goin' deep cover


yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop


creep with me as i crawl through the hood
maniac, lunatic, call him "snoop eastwood"
kickin' dust as i bust, fuck peace, and
the motherfuckin' punk police
you already know i gives a fuck about a cop
so why in the fuck would you think that it would stop?
plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do
take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue
dre! (what up, snoop?) yo, i got the feelin'
tonight's the night, like betty wright, man, i'm chillin'
killin', feelin' no remorse, yeah
so let's go straight to the motherfuckin' source
and see what we can find
crooked-ass cops that be gettin' niggas a gang of time
and now, they wanna make a deal with me
scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
and make my pockets bigger
they want to meet with me tonight at seven o'clock (so, what's up, nigga?)
what you wanna do? (what you wanna do?)
i got the gauge, a uzi, and my motherfuckin' twenty-two
so, if you wanna blast, nigga, we can buck 'em
if we stick 'em, then we stuck 'em, so fuck 'em!
("i can feel it!")


yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop


six-four-five was the time on the clock
when me and my homie bailed in the parking lot
the scene looked strange, and it felt like a setup
bet' not be, 'cause if it is, they gettin' lit up!
oh, here they come from the back in they 'lacs
i'm checkin' for they gats, they strapped; so what's up, black?
chill, let's hear the deal
if it ain't up to what you feel, then grab your steel
right, so, what you motherfuckers gon' come at me with?
hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip
'cause you can save that shit (guess what they told me?)
"we'll give you 20 g's if you snitch on your homie
we'll put you in a home, and make your life plush
oh, yeah, but you got to sell dope for us"
"hmmm, let me think about it"
turned my back and grabbed my gat
and guess what i told him 'fore i shot him?
if you don't quit, yeah
if you don't stop, yeah
i'm lettin' my gat pop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop!


yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop