
yo whats up p
yeah man these niggas think that i done fell off man
think my shit done got weak i guess
shit nigga i been hustlin' grindin' like a motherfucka
i ain't went nowhere knowwhatimean?
shit guess i got to let these niggas know who i am
what i stand for and what i'm about huh
you feel me check this out biatch!


what's my motherfucking name? snoop dogg
what i like to do? you like to hustle and ball
hold up, what's my name? snoop dogg
what i like to do? you like to hustle and ball
say what? what's my name? snoop dogg
what i like to do? you like to hustle and ball
yeah, what's my name? snoop dogg
what i like to do? you like to hustle and ball


i get up early in the mourning and begin my mission
brush my teeth then i creeps to the kitchen
cook some bacon and eggs and put some braids in my head
stash this pound, put the shit down then i head
to the spot that's hot, fuck a fed
i gotta clock this knot ya heard what i said
i'm taking penitentiary  chances, dancin with the devil
i'm in it to win it for no limit nigga next level
a whole lot of y'all niggas out there walk around dead here take this
shovel
dig your own grave, your pushin on them pebbles
stand out there on that corner long enough and watch what happen
quit yappin about what you ain't got and get crackin now that's what
happenin
ain't nobody give me shit i took it
nigga straight now but i started off crooked
now look at all the shit i been through and i'm 'fen to
get what i gotta get cause i'm just straight down for this shit
now


what's my motherfucking name? snoop dogg
what i like to do? you like to hustle and ball
hold up, what's my name? snoop dogg
what i like to do? you like to hustle and ball
say what? what's my name? snoop dogg
what i like to do? you like to hustle and ball
yeah, what's my name? snoop dogg
what i like to do? you like to hustle and ball


they say money is the key to end all your woes
that's probably why i love it and can't stand them hoes
i chop trees with g's and take trips overseas
and pack a nine all the time and that's for all my enemies
what y'all thought, i can't get caught
it ain't my mothfucking fault they call mister seasoning salt
i'm bringing gangsta shit to this no limit click
i'm way down south in a house and i'm bangin this shit
i got gold around my neck that will never ever fade
rolex watch on my wrist nigga getting paid
that's all i live fo , you dig it
game is to be sold not to be told that what my nigga p said can you
feel it
what y'all niggas knockin me fo and watching me fo
while your bitch jocking me and clocking this doe
boy that sound like the old snoop dogg, shit i'm trying to get paid
papered up and trying to ball y'all feel me
avoiding the snitches and the and the bitches too
and the fake ass snake ass niggas which is you nigga fuck you
i buck you you i stick you i stuck you
i love making that music that y'all niggas say y'all drugs to


what's my motherfucking name? snoop dogg
what i like to do? you like to hustle and ball


bow-wow
game recognize game
now you know how a gangsta gangsta
you how a hustler hustle
and you know how a baller balls
that's what you get when you fucking with snoop dogg
straight up '98 no limit records
you feel me that's real ha ha yeah
hustle & ball that's all we do
all the real hustlers out there gone and give it up
yeah get your money money get your money
keep your heat get your money money