
eee-ya-ya-ya-ya-yah the dogg pound's in the house (the bomb)
eee-ya-ya-ya-ya-yah the dogg pound's in the house
snoop doggy, dogg (the bomb)
snoop doggy, dogg (dog)


from the depths of the sea, back to the block
snoop doggy dogg, funky as the, the, the d.o.c
went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
long beach is the spot where i serve my 'caine
follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me, but you better not slip
'cause nine-trizzay's the yizzear for me to clizzock my grip
so i ain't holdin' nuttin' back
and once again, i got five on the twenty sack
it's like that and as a mattеr of fact (rat-tat-tat-tat)
'cause i never hеsitate to put a fool on his back
yeah, so peep out the manuscript
you see that it's a must we drop gangsta...
hold up, what's my name?


snoop doggy dogg (yeah, yeah)
snoop doggy dogg (the bomb)
da-da-da-da-dah
do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh (dog)


it's the bow to the wow, creepin' and crawlin'
yiggy yes y'allin, snoop doggy dogg in
the house with tha pound like every day
and i'm right back up in ya with dr. dre
like i said, none of y'all can get with this
and none of y'all can get with that
hit i just dropped 'cause you know it don't stop
mr. one eight seven on a undercover cop
tic toc, never the glock, just some nuts and a cock
rob you for your ends then i kill you bloodclots
then i step through the fog and i creep through the smog
'cause i'm snoop doggy (who?) doggy (what?) doggy (dogg)


snoop doggy dogg
snoop doggy dogg (the bomb)
bow wow wow yippie-yo-yippie-yay
bow wow wow yippie-yo (the bomb)
bow wow wow yippie-yo-yippie-yay
bow wow wow yippie yo yo yo yo (dog)


now just throw your hands way up in the air
and wave 'em all around like ya just don't care (dog)
yeah, roll up the dank, and pour the drank
and watch your stank (why?) 'cause doggy's on the gank
my bankroll's on swoll
i'm still on hit, legit, now i'm on parole, stroll
with tha dogg pound right behind me
and rollin' with my... that's where ya might find me
layin' that, playin' that g thang
she want the g with the biggest sack, and who's that?
he is i, and i am him, slim with the tilted brim
(what's your name, fool?)


snoop doggy dogg (the bomb)
snoop doggy dogg
snoop doggy dogg (the bomb)
snoop doggy dogg (dog)
da-da-da-da-dah
do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh (the bomb)
da-da-da-da-dah
do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh (dog) (the bomb)


doggy dogg, doggy dogg, doggy dogg
bow wow wow yippie-yo-yippie yay
bow wow wow yippie-yo (the bomb)
bow wow wow yippie-yo-yippie yay
bow wow wow yippie yo (the bomb)
what is, his name? (dog)
snoop dogg, and the dogg pound (dog) (the bomb)
oh, snoopy dogg, snoopy dogg, snoopy dogg (the bomb)
yeah yeah (dog) i know his name
come on snoopy, come on snoopy (the bomb)
and tha dogg pound
snoopy dogg (the bomb)
snoopy dogg, snoopy dogg (dog)


snoop doggy dogg is who he is
gotta get into you (the bomb)
snoop doggy dogg is who he is
let him get into you (dog) (the bomb)
snoop doggy dogg is who he is
gotta get into you
snoop doggy dogg is who he is
let him get into you (the bomb)
snoop doggy dogg is who he is (the bomb)
gotta get into you (dog) (the bomb)
snoop doggy dogg is who he is
let him get into you (the bomb)